five four three two one
yes andr live bryan callen we are live
on the internet in Kashmir right now
everybody how come you know where
watches you were just saying I don't
wear I don't I was thinking because
Santa Brennan I go you can rob my house
and there's nothing you find a value
like there's not a fucking thing still
your car okay oh no wonder why you make
money then yeah well obviously a lot of
money right I definitely like not work
for years yeah I make money what but uh
I never thought I was thinking about
that too
I can I genuinely I did some
soul-searching about this because I
watched how motivated Shabbos
he's so buttoned down about his stuff
he's just always coming up with ideas
and you know I don't think I ever gave
two fucks for real about fame or money
and I still don't I have a very
precarious relationship with that what I
love is coming up with new ideas and
writing new stand-up and you know like
now having done the album now I got to
come up with a whole new bag of tricks
that that's a really fun time I'm
probably more happy or never as happy as
when I'm on the road at some cafe
somewhere
coming up solving problems coming up
with new ideas and surprising myself
everything else you know and I like
hanging with my boys and laughing and
like having a nice house do you get any
pleasure out of having a nice house yeah
but I could live I'm have lived in
rudimentary places and I have I don't
notice yeah I noticed that when I when I
first started making money you get
everything gets normal mm-hmm like this
is your house will wake up it's normal
you know what doesn't change what always
makes you feel good as views I was about
to say that I can't believe you just
said that view is not underrated no
views are views are very underrated I so
interesting you say that I just said
that you know well said to me
Ray Kurzweil really yeah he always lives
in a place of the view yeah
when I interviewed him he was on
a very high floor in an apartment
building in San Francisco that's where
he lives and you out you'd look out from
his apartment and you see the city and
you see the bay and it's beautiful
yeah it's expansive yes he said views
are very important to him they are but I
have another weird thing that like if
you put me in a French cafe there's that
there's a fun office still around but
there was a first I'm so French Vasya
yeah yeah we should before Cinco Hamill
this is my accent as firstly I want you
to just for him I said I speak French
fluency I'm oh come on people do jumbo
how are you so much deep speak it fully
no I mean I used to speak it I went to
French schools yeah um
you know I mean I can give me give me 6
months and I'm gonna you'd hop right
Berger I think so the dating pool and
France are you sure what were you saying
you're about the system's about you were
in a cafe in France there's a place
called chez Paul's which is this
restaurant where you're crammed in with
a bunch of people and and the walls and
the wood has been there you know you go
to the comedy store like a comedy like a
comedy club that's been around since the
70s yourself yeah and you think these
the wood in this this is a weird thing
but the wood in these walls has it have
absorbed so much laughter and good
energy I was just saying that the other
day about the ice house ah it's it's
it's very special if they redemptive
Mallis that god forbid I would buy that
wood and put it up on my walls
oh so you it's magic tough yes magical
stuff yes hmm I like things that last
I like marble and and heavy wood like
old railroad tracks reclaimed wood yeah
yeah like this table
yeah good levels reclaimed wood yeah
good a man with a moustache handmade
things like guys handmade I do craftsman
like like like if I hadn't if I wanted
to I would maybe go and have my shoes
made in London I'd have bespoke shoes
and bespoke love that when they use that
I know I'd have bespoke shoes the
problem of jewelry watches nice
and everything is I have to maintain
them and I I I'd rather have mmm I also
think we have to maintain watches just
put them on that's right but I have a
weird I have another weird thing which I
think if I have leather under my feet
mmm I don't feel as secure and I don't
feel like it can run or fight Oh like
leather soles we need some rubber bro I
got it yeah you should have some tread
yeah they can put some leather tread
below the rubber tread rather below the
leather you don't want those scuffed up
leather bottom shows man those bitches
useless like they're not socks right but
it's good for pivoting if you want to
pivot like you want to throw a wheel
kick it's really good yes it's true if
you want to bear down if I want to
what's called squash the bug when I
throw my right and squash the bug with
my back foot no because you want to push
off you wanted to have some something to
push off yeah you don't need that much
pivot you really need pivot with a kick
yeah you know a spinning kick yes yeah
this is the kind of bullshit you and I
stand well the fucked up thing is that
you know I'm always getting ready for
home invasion or situations mark it
might be the problem is that that there
are just too many things to worry about
I could also I also have to worry about
fucking ticks and things that I can't
see like flesh-eating bacteria and MERS
to worry about more than anything
lastly asteroid Olympics you do yep yeah
because they can come and then wipe out
civilization almost instantaneously
there was something I just retweeted
yesterday the Graham Hancock put up they
found a new impact site at 12,500 years
ago that that coincides at the end of
the Ice Age this is one of the things
that he and Randall Carlson have been
saying ad nauseam and now Bryan or a
Robert Schoch rather who's a professor
at Boston University did you hear about
the explosion on the meteor the exodus
ember yes December yeah this meteor that
exploded in December had something like
50 times the ortho power it in the
atmosphere okay
Oh 1010 atomic bombs ten times the power
of the atomic bomb that exploded in
Hiroshima Wow
yeah and explode in our atmosphere but
no there's
this impact that they think happened and
well there's two concepts Robert Schoch
thinks that it might have coincided
these impacts might have coincided with
he believes there's a great deal of
evidence for a mass coronal ejection
that there was some sort of a solar
flare massive solar storm that happened
which can periodically happen every few
thousand every few hundred years
something can happen and when that does
happen it just wipes out everything and
he said there was thunderstorms it's
like there's the they said thunderstorms
or lightning storms that were like like
the hail that was coming out outside
that we filmed today yeah but that but
like lightning put that background
please Jesus so this is the impact
created that they found in Greenland
it's in three miles yes Oh 31 kilometres
across which is not 15 miles yeah
somewhere around 15 miles in fuck
insanely huge but do you think as you
think about your impending doom which is
gonna happen right I just worry about
the civilization being we're so
dependent upon electricity and any small
catastrophe oh this is they have an an
impact video of where it hit Wow
so it's all all this this hit like where
there's glaciers right now with this
massive impact they got hit man the the
people that lived 12,500 years ago got
hit they get there's more than one
crater too by the way
this is one of the many craters that
they found during the time period of
12,500 BC or twelve thousand five
hundred years ago rather to ten thousand
years ago in that time period that two
thousand year time period they think
there was multiple impacts on the earth
why why I guess it just wasn't our time
now well we're lucky we've just been
through a really lucky stage but what
he's saying essentially is that this is
what wiped out the Egyptian civilization
the first Egyptian civilization this is
what wiped out the civilization that
built Gobekli Tepe
this is what wiped out the civilization
that preceded
sumar and ancient babylon and
mesopotamia that all those were a
rebuild of uh I can't wait for him to
come back on again he's coming back on
again Graham Hancock is coming back on
again I think listening debate that
other guy you had on the podcast it was
Grant
yeah Wells Michael Shermer was also
actually a friend of mine who I like
yeah he's he's a skeptic and there's an
issue with skeptics and that the issue
is not that it's not good to be
skeptical it's very good to be skeptical
the problem is when you approach things
as a skeptic you're not approaching them
as a scientist and I'm not saying that
Michael does this but that I think he
did in that debate I think it was a
mistake people they approach these
things looking to debunk them rather
than objectively assessing all the
possible evidence right and so because
of that you miss out on big thing like
this is evidence this is not like
Bigfoot tracks or some shit like that
this is fucking real evidence of a
crater that they have dated back to
twelve thousand five hundred years ago
yeah but people have a hard time
believing in doomsday scenarios because
it kind of like you know when you talk
about taking the entire chessboard and
throw it in the air and you have
evidence for it look at global warming
and stuff like that where there is a I
really believe that people have if
whether it's latent or not a religious
notion that we are ultimately sacred and
that God would never do something that
terrible to us on mass I really I really
believe that like humanity itself to go
away no because that would make no sense
where we're moving in a certain
direction we're making progress there's
there's this sort of neural net it's
becoming easier to understand what it is
to be each other you know and and that's
kind of what virtual reality and being
able to download other people's brains
will eventually do yeah that probably
brings us into one I guess universal
consciousness I mean you can go on and
on so the idea that that would be all
obliterated before it happens before the
singularity for example happens is too
much to bear
it would make no sense for us because we
have this narrative that we all kind of
adhere to it's very easy to do that
it's in the psychological sort sort of I
want to say I want to say a trick that
we play on ourselves but it's really a
defense mechanism mm-hmm it's a little
trick that we try to pretend that we're
important god damn it just look up at
the sky and although you can't see it
there are stars that are being swallowed
up by black holes yeah like if the
universe doesn't give a fuck about
something that's a million times bigger
than the earth yeah why would you think
he gives a fuck about you it's eating
stars that's a terrible question most
people that's a terrible insulting
question the problem you know that's
kind of what who was it Albert Camus the
French existentialist and Sartre and all
those guys they were saying like Camus
said the fundamental question is why
wouldn't you why not just commit suicide
because everything is totally absurd and
nothing means anything right it's like
the rock of Sisyphus that you keep
pushing up and it keeps rolling down and
then he said but but the truth is most
people don't want to kill themselves but
they'll commit philosophical suicide
meaning instead of like really starting
to ask these questions and really
getting into it and realizing that it's
all hopeless and despair you know you
you just you just go on to a certain
philosophy that gives you hope religion
yeah or whatever it might be which is
what it is and maybe the way out of that
is just to enjoy every day taste your
food enjoy your friends and realize that
it could end in any in any second you
know one another thing that's fucked
with me the concept of reincarnation not
the concept of reincarnation like coming
back as a butterfly or something like
that but the concept of living your life
over and over and over again until you
get it right Jesus
now here's what fucks with me I am
having a great time
so why wouldn't I want to do this again
yeah
I'm having a great time I have great
friends like you and young Jamie over
the Aron I have I love my family I love
what I do for a living I love our circle
of friends is amazing I mean we are for
sure some of the luckiest men I have
ever met in my life there's no doubt
there's no doubt we have fun man dude I
was thinking about all the mistakes I've
made but then I went wait a minute but
I'm
at 52 I'm here I've made like fuck
loaded mistakes where we are but we're
also risk takers yeah I mean we're
professional performers we want into a
job that has zero job security yeah
fucking headfirst no safety net dove
right in you know we make mistakes we
make mistakes with our our job we make
mistakes with our personal life and make
mistake with it's just no women no good
because because I don't have a dress
rehearsal I'm a presented with these I'm
presented with the scenario and I have
to make a choice in real time yeah I'm
gonna make a mistake right and and once
I realize that and stop beating myself
up about it and realize that I've always
done the best I can but here's where you
here's what you can do be brutally
honest and assess yourself and see where
you're falling short and then just
change your approach yeah so that's kind
of what I do when I saw acting when I
saw what just being an actor was and I
saw how precarious it was and I saw
where the business was moving with like
new media and stuff and I was like this
doesn't make out then I watched you
doing your podcast and you would say
stratified so guess what I started a
podcast didn't go well started another
podcast didn't make money then start a
third podcast with friend and shop and
blah blah blah but you know it's same
thing with stand-up you just keep doing
it yeah you keep following the models
that work coz I was doing the wrong
thing over here and next thing you know
you know you got a grind
that's where a lot of comics fuck up
like they do it like once a week and
then they take a few weeks off and then
come back and do it again and they're
like how do you do it all the time I'm
like because I know how to grind I'm a
grinder it's not just grind like for me
the idea is original self-expression
I'm interested in trying to take the way
I think so a lot of things scare me and
they make me angry and I don't know how
to I don't know how to react but you
know instead of fretting about it I
create you know Michelangelo my favorite
quote criticized by creating didn't
great fucking crow he said that's
beautiful yeah he said that he said
criticized by creating I always think
about that because that's kind of when I
look at my body of work and the
progression of my my specials for
example like man class little - you know
just about being funny and a silly goose
then never grew up a little more
personal about my dad but
this last one complicated Apes is that
out right now it's out right now oh my
god is this the number one iTunes comedy
album the rankings apparently it's
crushing and weird it's number one in
the world where you can rent and buy I
guess complicated Apes just doing very
well you want to get it and laugh hard
and learn feel like we should celebrate
listen this is not one this is not about
promoting my special feel like we should
feel you should promote it a little bit
alright fine get complicated Apes let's
just get out right now right I guess
it's out right now iTunes or anywhere
your reselect aerial TV you can just
watch it on your you get an Xbox or
Playstation you can listen up you can
get on Amazon I don't stop any platform
all the platform you know um Amazon is
really getting into the special game yes
they're doing Alonzo Bodden special he's
gonna be coming on soon I love Alonzo
they're doing good man yeah he's a very
smart guy good dude yeah um they're
doing Jim Gaffigan special he's Falcon
hilarious
um and I think they're talking to a
bunch of other people about doing
specials as well they decided to I love
that there are all these other people
who love it and we're in the Renaissance
where Stan's can make real money and
used to not be that way you have loves
now you got theaters now you've got a
whole network now the internet and
everything else and you know what's
beautiful about the road now is I don't
have to do that local press oh that's so
good come see me in Kansas City this
Friday Saturday what club be doing the
improv Oh a nice place Kansas City yeah
I love Kansas City Kansas City I like it
a lot it's fucking hell yeah I did an
outdoor theater there summer yeah it's
fucking great me and Santino really
fucking amazing man really really fun
that's pretty badass yeah yeah Kansas
City's a shit it's one of those places
that people forget st. Louis that's also
the shit yeah that's a fun place
especially a terrible town now here's
how dare you first of all barbecue no
st. Louis I had a little problem with
but Kansas a fantastic kind of problem
job I just thought it was very ugly city
maybe you're jealous
maybe maybe didn't go to the pretty
spots would you go over like Google
Earth he'd drive all over the whole
fucking City
how about Cleveland this is where we
draw the line I like clean I fucking
love clean let me tell you why I like
leavin it's a beautiful city I mean talk
about architecture it's like pictures
yeah and some great colors he said like
Pittsburgh
yes that's true that's totally true it's
wet weather oil but then some of the
iron I mean it was I think them was were
some of the richest people in the world
we're at one point last time I was in
Pittsburgh well the first time rather I
said well not even the first time one of
the times I was in Pittsburgh I was
there for a furry convention oh I was
there for the UFC and the UFC was in
Pittsburgh at the same time a furry
convention was on that's when I found
out about furries I had a nice long
conversation with the dudes who worked
behind the desk at the hotel they were
telling me the furries were asking for
their food in bowls so they could eat
off the ground no yeah yeah they were
all furries except us the fuck is going
with me I forget who opened for me it
might have been Dunkin but uh the they
were asking for a litter box so they
could shit and piss in a box I want to
do that just for a laugh oh you're gonna
wipe we're gonna fetish well it's like
grown men who want to be they want to
wear diapers and have somebody spanked
them and change them and well here's
what's interesting and there's a lot of
people that think that look I am a
hundred percent in support of people
being trans don't get me wrong if you
want I'm in support I'm supporting you
being whatever you want to be I'm a
person who believes in free will or your
ability to freely express yourself I
should say but if you work for a
corporation you work for a tech
corporation especially a particularly
progressive tech corporation you run
into some real problems and I was
talking to a guy who was telling me you
don't know the half of it that we are
dealing with a guy who he identifies as
an animal and that he he believes that
he's kin like he's a fox can or a dog
can or something like that and he wants
a litter box in his office this guy
wants to be able to shat in his fucking
office into a box now I appreciate that
now I want to say this about him and I'm
not a psychiatrist and I have no right
to really diagnose but he's fucking
crazy yeah he is crazy right but here's
the thing like you're letting people be
crazy correct look when you're letting a
six-foot-four man
compete in women's weightlifting because
he's decided he's a woman now mm and now
he's winning and he's wearing makeup and
he looks like a gorilla and he's onstage
lifting his arms up hey diversity you're
you're stealing from women stealing
you're stealing victory you're cheating
you're fucking 100 percent cheating
anybody says or not you're an asshole
you're nice no but you know this is
about humaneness and once when someone's
feelings how they identify in that
moment of course are so transitory right
I mean I'm either the hope my fucking
not to bring it back but the whole idea
of complicated ages your new special
basically every way it does oh my god
and wherever the fuck look under your
fight look in your sock drawer there's
my sock but but but i but I do think
that you know we are complicated like
we're bipolar Apes sinners and saints
and everything in between another good
so whit your feelings how you feel
sometimes I feel like an asshole other
times I feel like a saint and everything
in between you know it's very difficult
to you know say well this is your a noun
which means your this as opposed to sort
of a verb which is I'm always changing
and that that to me is the problem with
when you identify when you when you
emotionally identify with something well
for now you do for now that that's
what's important to you but I can't I
can't tailor my life and my entire
corporation this is what the part of the
problem is and this is what you just hit
on yeah part of the problem is these
people want to be special for no reason
at all correct and so to be special for
no reason at all one of the best ways is
to do what Bruce Jenner did you become
Caitlyn Jenner and then he's special
that guy was a fucking loser even though
he's a gigantic superstar in the
Olympics 40 years ago but from then on
they shat on that guy every fucking show
that's right they shit on him he was the
buffoon of that show and then all of a
sudden he becomes a woman ever it's like
you're amazing and will make a woman
here
a woman for six minutes all the women
that do things like Christina Dodd now
came up with Christopher cook whisper
cast nine and all those whoa is this the
guy
okay this is hilarious this is a dude
who's a comic is your comedies a rapper
he's a rapper and he's fucking jacked so
he decided to identify as a woman what
Minnesota he destroys the British
woman's deadlift record without even
trying Wow
PS I identified as a woman whilst
lifting weights don't be a bigot
imagine that so chief biological men
don't have any physical strength
advantage over women in 2019 okay
anybody says that is a fool that's
foolishness what he's just did yeah good
for him what's his name zou Bisou B what
is music zoo B is a stage name shout-out
to zoo B looks for a graduate it doesn't
mean you're a Rhodes Scholar zubi
congratulations to you sir I'm following
you right now I'm gonna go right to my
goddamn Twitter for the sheriff rethink
your free god bless you look it's like
this is silliness folks these and here's
the problem with a lot of these
progressives is that they're really nice
people that's what it is zoo B follows
me and now I follow him
shoutout to zoo B they're nice people as
long as you agree that yes exactly
don't they try to deep platform you I
got listed Tim Poole sent me this thing
ready next to Richard Spencer as being a
far-right influencer right influencer
far-right was it
they called me far-right that's amazing
I'm left they're liars
I am fucking left did that how's the
socialist yeah I consider universal
basic income a really good idea I want
free college education Keynesian I would
like to spend more in taxes if they
could fix inner-city communities and and
take these poor neighborhoods spend more
you fucking real promise you the more
money you spend it doesn't that's the
pricing you son of a bitch feel it
coming out of your pores this you
socialist 1.6% Africans so watch your
fucking mouth
dude no one is so uh compassionate
Compassion's everything but I think
these people are too compassionate this
is what the problem is they're like oh
you identify
a wood elf oh cool you're an elf I don't
wanna you know like whatever your
feelings and here's the thing they're
terrified of someone coming after them
so they try to embrace the more
preposterous the better yeah like
they're having a real hard time now with
this woman the congressman you know who
set a bunch of anti-semitic Shia whose
family stop right antes really shit what
is it anti-semitic has you said anything
bad about Jews and Gentiles and to
Israelis stuff which I think you can
make a distinction yes you should I
think you should be able to make it
intelligent argument that there is a
difference between being not anti
Israeli but having problems with their
policies and Jews Yeah right because
there are a lot of Jews that are
critical of Israel is a lot of person
yeah so it's you know but sometimes to
silence you and stop the art yeah I
don't I'm not familiar what she said
exactly but I'm not either
yeah but but yeah but go on what were
you saying about about the problem they
don't know what to do with her they're
stuck in this weird spot because they
don't like here's a perfect example
where was it was it was somewhere in
Europe where these this Muslim group was
shouting down this LBGT demonstration
and that like everybody's like oh well
Jesus what do we do here we have two
protected classes going to war with each
other yeah and one of them is shouting
down the other ones saying that you know
homosexuality is forbidden by God but
then we're supposed to be protective of
LBGT people were supposed to be
open-minded and progressive and allowing
that but but then you have these people
who are saying that it's their religion
that they think that this is this is
wrong and this is also a protected class
you don't want to be Islamophobic so
what does everyone do what everyone
stands back and this is one of the weird
moments where people are standing back
while LBGT people are getting absolutely
crucified in the streets yelled out with
bullhorns told their beings they're
sinners and a blasphemer that actually
is part of free speech right so so it's
organize and express yourself organizing
petition your government
that's constitutional as long as you
don't incite someone to violence as long
as you don't say hey you guys go kill
those gay people over there well I'm not
talking about constitutionally I mean
constitutionally I agree it is free
speech but what I'm saying is that
there's no outrage there's no
commensurate outrage like there would be
if say like white nationalists were
screaming at these people so so here's
my issue with the far left or the left
or even if I forget the right for a
second I have my own issues with that
but my with the progressive argument I
always notice that the narrative is very
binary the narrative is always so for
example racism is the argument right so
if we need to get rid of racism I happen
to think we could be as identical as
Penguins and we'd still find reasons to
break into us versus them well we'd have
an ideological but of course we did look
look at the Middle East if racism of the
was the ultimate problem then you the
Middle East would be fair it would be of
Sunnis and Shia yeah the ebo in the
Yoruba I'm sure going with would be all
kinds of so people are looking
Dinka and the newer of the Sudan sworn
enemies they look exactly the same so
human beings don't need to have
different colored skin I couldn't agree
more yeah so so so we are tribal and
it's fun to break into these us versus
them I think yeah the biggest problem is
is kind of deciding that first of all
the Internet has made it very possible
for you to purify your echo chamber yeah
that's a big problem and and then you
surround yourself with people who think
and and see the world exactly like
yourself and I think we get smarter when
we listen to the other side of me if you
don't agree with them because your ideas
aren't working and their ideas are
working but put your ideas together and
maybe somebody gets pregnant with a new
idea yeah the the idea is that there's
some way that you could stop all
division between human beings as long as
people allowed to express themselves
they live unique in individual lives
that's never going to happen
you're gonna have people that come from
different parts of the world where
different things are more important
you're gonna have people that come from
different economic situations it's going
to be different I mean when when I say
that I'm almost a socialist what I mean
is like look there's certain things we
just accept that we need like here
one you need a well-funded fire
department right whose money everybody
we're pooling all our money into that
grind right we agree with that we agree
there's well-funded public education you
have to have that right well we barely
do that right now
but we do have that and teachers are
getting fucked left and right there
getting minimal pay children are going
to school in hazardous conditions but
it's at least there's some money being
police officers we agree Street fixing
the streets we agree we agree on a lot
of things but then it gets to certain
things we go okay well that's where we
draw the line well why do we draw the
line there why do we draw the line with
when it comes to community upheavals
like fixing fixing communities yeah why
do you mean infrastructure like yeah but
why did why why don't we have like why
don't we if we really a team or if the
United States really team why don't we
look at it as a team in terms of equal
allocation of resources to solve
conflicts and problems including crime
we don't yeah right a lot of times the
problem is isolating the source of the
problem right so people disagree on what
the actual problem is I can give you
examples I mean when when we talk about
illegal immigration and what to actually
do about it people are all over the
board with it and they'll challenge your
solution in court and there's all kinds
of stillness which probably is a good
thing so things don't get too they don't
swing too far in our direction universal
basic income universal health care gun
control these are actually fairly
complicated issues you know I don't want
spree shooters you know but when you get
down to it and and you hear people who
are really educated on the subject of
guns they can get you twisted up in an
argument if you start talking about gun
control because you realize this is a
complicated issue and maybe it's a
mental health issue maybe it's a
thousand issue you know that's certainly
a mental there's a lot of issues with it
but the ability that someone has to do
what is it we said only one guy more
than one person got arrested in New
Zealand correct no I think it was just
one guy yeah more but they got arrested
but only one shoe yes so the other ones
are planning it's not their baby yeah no
I think he would say yeah but but my
thing is that point is that you have to
be ill there's no other way you have to
be mentally ill you know
or to do that yeah now I want anything
about the fact there's more guns there
are people so in this country alone
there's 300 plus million people there's
more than 300 million guns relatively
speaking the number of mass shootings is
incredibly small in comparison to the
amount of guns and the amount of sick
people mm and how many people are sick
who don't become mass shooter right it's
a big number yes it's it's very true
those are things and a lot of the gun
violence that the left talks about a lot
of those are suicides so a lot of it
yeah a lot of that is suicides a lot of
it is cops shooting bad guys a lot of
his people defending themselves and then
after that you have gang violence but so
so but so the problem is that when
people argue they make these things very
simplistic yeah and they're not you know
even the even identity politics I mean
you know so straight white males are
essentially the enemy so the idea would
be if we take straight my white males
out of the equation because this is all
power right it's all talking the issue
man no but I know I'm not but this
tyrannical hierarchy and stuff as if if
you took white males and took all of
them out of the equation as if there
wouldn't be a new hierarchy yeah that's
fucking good you know it's just the way
shit happens people when you try to make
the things really equal in a communist
Society the people closest to the
government making the decisions they
become the new elite so you're not gonna
fucking know avoid that shit no and also
there's no equality of effort the
problem with equality of income and
equality we like people want success too
they think that if you're more
successful that it's because of some
sort of a cheat you've you've rigged the
system or cheated somehow or another but
that's not true some people work harder
they just course they just do of course
some people become obsessed with success
and some people my uncle my uncle Vinny
doesn't give a fuck you know what my
uncle Vinny does he makes art sells it
yeah he's always been that way he used
to be a photographer and now he he makes
a he sent me some driftwood that he
painted Wow he painted signs for my
daughters made out of driftwood he says
so like that he's so eccentric but he's
never given a fuck about a churro his
ex-wife cray it just makes beautiful
things for he's an artist yeah he's
legitimate artist works that way Jimmy
Burke is truly not ambitious he is he is
only interested in feeding his brain he
loved like he listens to a Stephen West
podcast philosophize this which is I
love that that's my news I've been
talking to that guy back in Lois I'm
gonna get him on yeah I gotta get him on
I love he's 29 and he's got such a
command of philosophy but he makes it so
accessible yeah like Jimmy he'll start
his day with philosophize that's just
listen gonna get a nugget and then he
goes and works out and plays tennis and
just he's a national treasure because he
only lives to educate himself and make
the world a better place he just makes
people feel good about themselves he's
trying to enjoy life but do you think
you'd want to do it over and over and
over again the exact same life I do he's
he's the happiest he's the closest thing
to a monk I was just with him I I flew
him down to Florida I just folks you
want to watch a disaster we got him way
too high I got him like three or four
heads deep and he doesn't smoke weed he
hadn't eaten
yeah neaten and he was thirsty I don't
think that if eating helps when you're
smoking it I might be wrong does it
he was already low blood sugar and he
hadn't slept we barbecued that dude we
threw him in a Trager grill and set it
to twenty five six hours just for
getting stories in the middle of the
first sentence he's amazing yeah we
fucked him up which is too bad because
he tells some great stories now the
world will forever know him was the guy
who couldn't well I remember when he the
he had tuberculosis
I called him Jimmy Burke Colossus and he
had tuberculosis or did he got it they
think he got it from his grandfather
when he was three years old and it laid
dormant and they couldn't find it cuz I
was on the outside of his lung holy Sh
oh yeah I'm with him in the hospital
I've never seen anything like this I'm
with him in the hospital and he had they
thought he had two things one the
disease that killed Bernie Mac or two
hussies killed Bernie man he had a that
disease that firemen get from 9/11 where
lungs basically turned to sand I mean
you know awful so Bernie Mac died of
that so they said you have either a
fatal disease which is that lung disease
or you have lung cancer okay now this
was what he was looking at and I
remember he was just talking to me like
this did it did it do and joking around
oh dude yeah and I went buhbuh I go you
were you've been given
like they are looking at you either
being you know you're dead or dead I
don't understand how you're not even
missing a beat and he goes dude come on
I've made peace with my death a long
time ago I live every day as he comes
and he and that he was getting ready for
them to come out and tell him what it
was and the doctors you know you can't
help but to love him so he was there for
three weeks and the doctors finally
found that he had tuberculosis now at
this point all the doctors fell in love
with him all of them they come in and
listen to his stories so the doctor came
running and it goes we found out will
you have you have tuberculosis tumors I
got great no no we can cure that this is
fucking great we can cure that so he
went on nine months of antibiotics nine
and he went colorblind from the alibi
yeah that's what happened to him
he's now his colour blind you know whoa
that's the antibiotics did but hey he's
a hundred percent but I remember I've
never seen anybody face his own death
and be that just monk like about he's
does he have a good diet yeah
now when he was on the antibiotics they
give him probiotics as well i does
probiotics he brought his body right
back I mean he is just a beast he's
never stopped working out he's never
stopped eating really well do they know
what he caused his antibiotic reaction
that made him colorblind Adderley is a
side effect when you take nine months of
a very strong cocktail of antibiotics
mmm you know and that cured it though
nine months later cured it yeah thank
God there's no way it cures it on its
own well it back in the day you had
consumption and almost you died
eventually but some people would go up
into the mountains and it would it would
tuberculosis can go into remission and
not come out again when you go to the
mountain the idea was we'll go to the
mountains and breathe fresh air and
sometimes you could go into remission
with intimate with tuberculosis but
tuberculosis was almost always a death
sentence in long day's journey and
tonight the great play and Nobel Prize
winner Eugene O'Neill his brother had it
and he knew his brother was gonna die
and he just watched his brother
deteriorate it was a like it was like
having AIDS or something you would cough
you'd spit up blood and you know I think
Chopin the great piano player died of it
then why when people talk about you know
when their their anti vaccine or their
anti antibiotics or Western medicine
just read forget about the science don't
don't worry about Big Pharma just pick
up a history book or a piece of
literature anything that's written
before 1950 which most people don't 1960
any classic book and the one of the
central themes is is the fact that
people especially children that Lincoln
lost what three of his children three -
fever quote unquote usually probably did
theoria or something that came rolling
through smallpox was a fucking it was
the biggest killer forever Spanish flu
of 1918 people live 20 mil 20 million
billions of people yeah so if you just
forget forget me just pick up a history
book or pick up a piece of literature it
was unavoidable yeah it's very candid
Spanish flu apparently was a really
weird one because it actively attacked
people with really good immune no young
people young people like them better
than it killed older people some
stranger yeah and that was that was a
fact of life you usually buried your
children throughout history you had to
bury your children that's a that's a
unequivocal fact we don't live in that
world anymore
we don't worry about those those
diseases like tetanus and diphtheria and
things that would roll through and just
people are getting it now people are
getting tetanus again that's right some
kid got tetanus and I saw people arguing
that one of the dumbest fucking things I
ever saw in my life someone's saying
there's a simple cure to tetanus just
expose it to open air is that a
scientist was that a guy who has his
degree why these guys never have a
degree is a chemtrail believer but why
is it that all these guys make the noise
don't have degrees because they want to
believe that there's some sort of a some
sort of an organized clan of people that
trying to keep your health down or
support big pharma look they're they're
the real facts of diseases like smallpox
and like polio like all these horrific
diseases that people in our grandparents
generation had to deal with is that they
were cured by medicine yeah yeah it is
modern Pharma greedy fuck and look no
further than the Arctic oxycontin crisis
the opiate crisis we're facing this
country yeah
Big Pharma left unchecked is like
anything else where it's a corporation
that wants to have universal growth they
want to have constant never-ending
growth and they want to keep making
money in the way to do that as
prescribed more people poison been cold
Aker ever have announced podcast he
wrote a book called bad farmer but he's
a doctor who takes a very he said they
there is evil but you have to know what
kind of evil don't just throw the whole
exact if you have mersa you need Big
Pharma fuck yeah you know if you have
staff just talk to anybody who's ever
rested there anything dude campaigns son
had staff and he called me I was like
how bad his staff I'm like Jesus Christ
because he told me son his son got it at
the gym I'm like get him to the fucking
doctor immediately now my wife's friend
went into a coma she started having
seizures because of an unchecked staph
infection she got at the gym
she started seizures I'm at sushi with
Frank Grillo our buddy and he boxes
every day and I see his arm and he's got
a long sleeve shirt and his arms
bleeding and I go what's going on with
your arm because I got caught I was at
the gym and he's always on that dirty
you know mat or just do whatever in a
literally seven hours his he had a sack
hanging off his elbow doctor goes you
got to get he almost lost his arm he had
to get shots antibiotics for a whole
week
I mean that shit moves quick moves very
you would lose your arm yeah die I told
I tell you the artist of your story me
and Ari are playing pool and he's
limping I'm like what's going on with
your leg and he goes I think I got a
spider bite I'll let me see your leg he
poses like I go dude listen to me you're
going to the doctor right now
unscrew my cue he's like you serious I
go we're quitting right now and I'm
taking you the fucking Hospital I go you
got to go to the hospital now he goes
now I go do you have a staph infection
it's bad and you could tell fuck yeah
well it looked like a zit like a giant
zit on his knee I go I saw a spider bite
bro and he was been he was doing jujitsu
because of me
I got bottom a year apart of a year
membership for jujitsu for Hanukkah but
yeah man it was fucking nasty and he
would have just walked around with it
and then it would have gotten really bad
he probably would have got systemic and
died yeah but happens to people my buddy
Ryan who is a health Gracie black belt
they had to cut out they had to cut an
inch off of his shinbone mm because the
screws so every time he'd be on
antibiotics year-and-a-half in and out
of the hospital took him tears to
recover with mnemonics year and a half
because the screws every time they put
the screws back in they bruise the
screws had the virus or bacteria so he
had to have when they took out the they
took out the bone and they had to put a
plate there they they would use screws
so for whatever reason the screws that
were in the metal would somehow they
were infected they kept infecting the
bone oh and they had to grow that
somehow graft bone back on it was too
fucking crazy
it's no joke man how happy what's that
something like that happens though how
happy when you're healed yeah I had a
cold recently just a little cold not
that bad but I was running ragged just
too many trips and too busy and getting
up early and going to bed late and I was
just really tired and sick and then I
couldn't work out for like four or five
days and I remember thinking to myself
you got to remember this you got to
remember this shitty feeling when you
can't even exercise and I'm Hawking up
green shit and spitting in the sink just
to look at it I know do you do that you
blow your nose in the same course I do I
do that I go yeah yeah I want to see it
see what it looks like just big fucking
Smurfs yeah shit
big green gob eul's all over the fucking
sink but I just remember thinking like
you got to be smarter stupid just be
smarter but yeah most of the time I am
yeah most the time man but sometimes I
just go I gotta hit that gas I got
nothing in sank but I gotta fucking keep
that accelerator pressed that's why I
don't fuck around my sleep anymore I
read that book why we sleep Matthew
Walker is amazing I I just I don't fuck
around my sleep in him should not you
should not sleep is critical yeah yeah
it's um you know what it is amazing for
sleep man
you know we should get in your place get
yourself a sauna really
really oh yeah you do take off that's
for fucking you wear a rubber nose when
you do it yeah hey man I take long
showers after yoga you bear our rubber
nose man just being mean to me
fabien clowns a fucking clown welcome
clown I'm trying to quit shock proteins
yeah I gotta get really cold you chef at
ice bath you wanna do that I'll do an
ice bath I've done have you done krile
yeah I'll have you done the real one
when you want head goes in no you did
the one where the neck below on it has
the bullshit one really yeah the real
ones only made by cryo health care they
have one in New York or one Center in
New York they have one in LA they have
one here they've won a Woodland Hills
I'm sitting at a nice path for 20
minutes and talk to me um okay you go
numb it sucks
I'm sure bitch so does 250 degrees below
zero have you not done I spent three
minutes yeah yeah come on bro it sucks
all right bro I get it you wear a
fucking do you wear a I somehow knows
see I just double burned it singing a
song I was singing sing yeah it's not
good there's probably some real benefits
to ice baths the benefit of cryo
overwrites baths you could work out
right afterwards ice baths they
recommend you not work out they're like
you just chill out for a while but it's
great after you're working out but for
muscles strength and development it's
actually not good to do it right after
training you actually should wait quite
a while like maybe an hour too so when
you you've been you've had countless
conversations with cutting-edge
scientists and exercise people the five
things that you do every day like that
that without fail what are they in terms
of for your health first of all I
supplement I think you believe in self I
believe absolutely wholeheartedly and
supple like wind what kind Tom I think
athletic greens it's it's a sponsor they
have it's a great whole food supplement
I'm doing a bad form right now one one
serving as twelve one scoop has twelve
servings of fruits and vegetables in
terms of the amount of
yeah very healthy it's good just for
like a back-up plan right take these
little packs with me on the road I take
a lot of the on it shit
I take obviously I'm planning a shroom
tech you know we have some awesome whole
food supplements there's a bunch of
great stuff I take a lot of vitamins I
take vitamin D I take vitamin B I take a
lot of fish oil a lot of essential fatty
acids I believe in all those things
alright cut way back on my sugar I mean
way back yeah to where maybe once a week
I'll have dessert
yeah maybe less I do that - yeah I don't
fuck around man yeah I just
intermittent fast yes me too 16 hours a
day yeah I do that every day that makes
me feel that you know my psoriasis is a
hundred percent con that's also part of
its also and I gotta give a shout-out to
Dan Garner Dan Garner 88 Gmail if you
need his email he's a fuck so he's the
guy who was terrible I do no no it's
fine it's fine I want it I want to
promote him because only fucking people
are gonna email pictures of dicks good
buddy a lot of people have psoriasis but
let me let me tell you it was so so Andy
gallopin who you know yes so I talked to
Andy Galvin and and a fief Gunn whom who
does who Aubrey put me in touch with
he's he he's the guy who coined the term
the gut biome you should actually have
money he's really really smart guy he's
a scientist who's leading scientist in
got my own they're working with the
Cleveland Institute of dermatology I
think with psoriasis so how the gut
effects psoriasis so anyway long story
short Andy Gavin puts me together with
Dan Karns got like 12 degrees but he
says strengthen nutrition coach this
motherfuckers such a nerd with
everything and this guy he I did a gut
analysis and all that stuff this guy
gives me a diet and and finds some an
opportunity opportunity confections in
my gut like bacteria that shouldn't be
there
he's gotta be doing like oil of oregano
and fucking garlic pills and stuff like
that but there's a whole regimen I do
for four months long story short then
there's a probiotic protocol that you do
I do all that my psoriasis just goes
away it's just it has not come back and
it's been gone now it's something I'll
have to manage but when I say complete
cuz you saw my back remember
it's all gone and I had that for nine
months it got bad so let me talk to Kim
Kardashian just get that shit off we'll
say overwhelming evidence that a lot of
these autoimmune diseases are are its
are somehow a gut issue you know how
Jordan Peterson cleaned his up yeah yeah
carnivore done yeah and they think the
corner carnivore dad might be from what
I've heard on your podcast and elsewhere
is that I guess you you kind of give
your gut bacteria a kind of a reset or
it's an elimination diet yeah you take
away virtually everything except one
thing yeah your body adjusts and your
body just somehow or another it cures
itself of a lot of ailments right with
an elimination diet and yeah well that's
why that's why I'm special yeah that is
why in fasting in general it's so
beneficial
it helps me but this carnivore die is
very fascinating because people fucking
swear by it man there's people that they
look great their health is improved
they've lost weight and gained muscle
that's the question that is the question
you need some fiber I don't think so I
don't think you really do most people
that are taking it say they don't have
any issues
some people have issues in the beginning
of it but man people have been doing it
for years
they've been doing they've been on the
carnivore diet for you that dr. Shawn
banker he's been on it for years and he
all he eats is fucking rib eyes he just
eats rib eyes and legs but aren't aren't
the there are certain cultures that are
hard to present carnivore like I think
the Masai traditionally were a lot of
the Bantu belt in Africa where the Masai
look great oh yeah there's I've seen him
in person I've been to Kenya twice I
mean they look like a professional
athlete beautiful people yeah I mean in
terms of the effect on their body they
don't look malnourished nourished rather
there's six foot six there's you know
yeah my friend you know my friend lived
with them for he's a pro athlete and he
lived with them for six weeks and he
goes dude I've been an athlete my whole
life I'm not an athlete I tried to run
with those guys I tried to do stuff with
those guys and he's like the way they
can like track shit he goes they could
look at a blade of grass and the way it
was bent or like a certain area and go
oh cuckoo whatever they the fucking kudu
ran through here or whatever the fuck
they could they could tell what kind of
animal can throw whoa and then it had
this throwing contest they were throwing
shit
not just Spears but they were throwing
like this whatever it was and he said
dude I could I was so embarrassed he was
embarrassed he was just such a bitch I
have I have northern European
bullshit genes these motherfuckers from
Kenya you know is all this for sure it's
really interesting that the cradle of
civilization which is where all human
beings emanated from Africa has the best
genes they have the best athletic genes
when it comes to like physical
performance look there's no denying the
Biafra coast I mean like Nigeria and
that area that those that's al of
Senegal mm-hmm bring up Senegal bring up
that that what's that wrestling they
call I know what you're talking about
Grillo and on fight world did he went to
Senegal he goes dude six foot six I mean
they all look like like that's what the
NFL is made up of then and that guy
wrote the sports gene Richard Bernstein
I think Sports Illustrated writer said
the fastest people in the world come
from that part of the world to be africo
so that's where Jamaica that's where the
slave trade had gone and and they they
came from that area so you can actually
isolate the genes lambda Wow this is
interesting there like pawn at each
other oh and they're all giant why did
it walk huh because they punched and
they wrestle and they do great
high-level Greco shit watch this is
punching - now you'll say watch this
high level Greco shit they throw Stanga
Lee's wrestling in the car championship
beautiful it's la lucha is the the title
of the video yeah la space Lu TTE single
E's wrestling in the car championship
now they're working for position but and
if you see some of these guys you see
that what their bodies look like it's so
just so ridiculous like like they live
on fish and rice and beef Frank went
there it's so poor and they said you
just see dudes where you're like well if
I had a body like that I would never
wear clothes so I don't understand what
they're doing there well they're there
just yet coaching just getting position
whoever gets thrown then these guys are
rock
stars in Senegal okay you need coaching
no no you'll see no they punch me tell
you something
Cain Velasquez shoots a power double on
these motherfuckers yeah I'm just
concerned sir I'm gonna ask you to know
that's true
that's our five minutes five minutes are
still waiting bro it's like sumo deuces
not so exactly it's nonsense
now you excuse me little Incred trip
lunch
oh they're punching you no shit dude
this is serious
oh shit they're punching from the clinch
yam bro why this is fighting oh yes sir
just his headband yeah you gotta always
adjust your headband time Tom what a
night what are they doing time time
that's it that's the match no I may be
non can feel there's got to be a better
one you guys see the heavyweights they
maybe just sucks and you really into it
be sir foreign sir that's possible I'm
telling you I've seen some incredible
land those dudes are playing patty-cake
you know you'll respect land okay
another one kickboxing world champion
I'll go to the far right one that one
okay there here we go now we'll see
what's up kick boxing world champion
challenges singling these wrestlers who
is this kickboxing world champions like
a documentary
aye sir I don't care unless you know
it's not like I gotta find the fight
who's this kickboxing Morrow's like
there's Sufi Muslim so they're hanging
out with them very very spiritually
kickboxing well okay
orally say his name Brian or learn or
lean duarte highly rocked a French
multiple kickboxing Muay Thai and
shotokan karate champion okay so it
looks like he's learning from these
folks yes and I don't think he's really
challenging them okay let's see what
happens in the there we go look at look
at my man right there so staying still
what does it say sort of sans still just
let it go we'll see what happens here
are they wrestling yeah oh so they're
wrestling but what else it's all bonus e
with that dude back up a little I wanna
see that dude the kickboxing guy
interact with him there we go
okay let's see up throws okay they're
just teaching him how to throw
oh they're teaching him some technique
that's kind of cool that they do it on
the beach though that's smart that's
that's a duck under right there took his
back
yeah standard wrestling they know some
wrestling technique wrestling is you
know you can make the argument that
wrestling would you say that wrestling
is probably the best thing you could
ever do coming up if you want to get an
MMA like to have that face yes I think
wrestling is the most important sport
yeah because you see guys like Camaro
Iseman there's a perfect example who was
just on the podcast he's another example
of awesome African genes but he's a he's
an excellent example of a guy who really
didn't start striking at all until like
2009 I mean but he's been watching how
your body moves forever yeah I mean he's
been watching and fucking around but it
doesn't matter like the way he strikes
now you would think he's been doing it
his whole life he's been only striking
for ten years I think wrestlers are just
tougher
you know Kamara was saying that his
knees are so fucked up before some of
his fights that he had to walk on grass
cuz I hurt to walk on concrete oh my god
really
yeah his daughter makes fun of him
because he goes down the stairs
backwards ah cuz he goes down stairs
back oh yes yes she thinks it's
hilarious when I when I see him like you
know I saw him with Rashad Evans he
looked as big as Rashad he's a big fella
yeah but here's the thing he couldn't be
a nicer guy he's great he couldn't be a
nicer guy and when you hear him talk on
the podcast he's like he's so almost
soft-spoken he's easygoing you know it's
like it's weird that he's so good but in
the way he describes it when he gets
inside the cage a switch gets flipped
yeah and he just becomes a different
person I felt like I'm all due respect
to the great Tyron Woodley but he did
his body looked a little different and
he looked a little bit I don't know he
didn't look as he didn't look the way he
normally does I see they something I
don't see it I didn't see it and I look
for that shit his body go to
I don't know about that man go to tyron
woodley vs. come on see if you could get
a the video of the the two of them right
about the fight
wait wait shaking your head so new I
don't know if we can so new just
happened so what it's not online yet
that's it's online
everything's online you don't think it's
online how much one bet this is the line
we cross right there I guess well we
don't have to show it like peopIe can
show you guys yeah show us just show us
people find it go to you're gonna have
to go to ESPN from now on folks all
fights are on ESPN all pay-per-views
ESPN plus you have to get a subscription
for ESPN plus if you want to get a paper
presented oh yes yeah yeah that's a good
word stranges good words you I love you
know like I have certain favorite
fighters of course Donald Cerrone I love
Nick Diaz
yeah but Jorge Masvidal mr. beast I just
love I love like just a true fighter
like an animal and he's so good so he's
so fucking good I'm so smart
oh he's so smart man clever changes it
up things like you can't see what he's
doing it's subtle
he lives for fighting to really does ah
he's a fucking smart man there are men
and then there's horse our hats mother
just shows another least for sure he's
on another level he's he's I think he's
such a contender for I mean he just he
is 100% alert it was less than a cowboy
and it takes two years out of the
Octagon I don't know what he must have
an injury takes on Darren knocked out
Darren till I mean knocked him the fuck
out I mean he hit him with that left
hand a couple times earlier in the fight
- he was doing some sneaky shit he was
switching stances yeah he was switching
stances and throwing that left hand yeah
he was throwing the right hand switching
stances throwing the left hand and I
think he started to read till point back
like not take ten he fighting through
that right and then oh when that left
he'd caught him with that left hand
several times
caught him in the first round and then
caught him in the second round he's a
he's a bad motherfucker man he's coming
on soon - I'm gonna have mom with Joey
Diaz
miles Fidel is gonna come on with Joey
Diaz get a little bit may also be able
to get knocked down like that
my dear until who hits like it you know
and come back and just regain his
composure not his first punch of the
fight oh it was the first punch of the
fight now and smiled oh my nads all
right he did the first move of the fight
he charges towards till and tries to
side kick him in the thigh and hits him
in the dick yeah like right away first
shot right to the sack yeah yeah I love
that guy I love I love watching a fight
well he's very crafty he's a real
veteran you know I remember him knocking
out Eve Edwards in BO dog fight do you
member bo dog night now Botox no Calvin
tires is some super millionaire playboy
character who he came up with this Bo
dogfight thing and it was back when you
used to be able to gamble online right
you were able to gamble online now you
can again but you used to be able to
gamble online a lot of businesses were
sort of constructed around the premise
that online gambling was going to be
legal but through some bullshit
finagling the federal government put the
kibosh on online gambling they put the
stop on this thriving business and a lot
of these companies like there was
professional pool organizations like the
IPT that went under because they were
counting on online gambling but Bodog
was counting on it too
because he had like this online gambling
website well because of the the online
gambling shit he's like I don't want to
say this I don't want to be incorrect
because Dana White was saying that he's
a fugitive he wasn't even allowed in the
country but that's not too far removed
from the truth I don't think he's
allowed back in the United States I
think he has to live and like you know
just for providing a service people
wanted to be part of well for do for
being a part of online gambling when it
was illegal I think that's the issue
oh no it's fucking stupid people let
people do what they will I I think you
should be cool if you could bet on fire
iron would leave versus kymaro's
daughters would get more money and
everything we'll see what Tyros mom
looks jacked let's see what Tywin looks
like when he gets into the cage see to
me he looked exactly the same let's see
what happens when he takes his shirt off
hurry up Tyler and he's a beast yeah I
just don't think that was it man
I mean you're also dealing with Tyron
he's 37 now he is also in the middle of
he's in a transitionary stage in terms
of his career see he doesn't look quite
as jacked yeah but is he's laying not
long he's a beast
I'm just pretty goddamn good to me yeah
he always does not I just see him blood
you know saying yeah like that's what I
mean that's what I'm good it's pretty
good
hard to say great fighter man yeah he's
36 I think he's 37 now he's also he's
got a rap career now he's like opening
for Wiz Khalifa really yeah yeah he does
a bunch of shit for TMZ now you know
he's a busy man come on top of the
fighting good lay that shake it out of
the fight yes he has nothing approved
well he's one of those guys that can do
that - he's a great talker yeah he's
he's he would be a great commentator if
he decided to get in the commentary in
percent but he wants a rematch you know
I don't think he's happy with his
performance and I think he thinks he
could have done better I just looked
like a bigger in a different weight
class man well whose mom's definitely
taller but I think even more importantly
who's Monts gas tank it's just fucking
it's well that's crazy and I feel like
Tyron may have done a lot of cardio for
that camp because he knew he's gonna
have to deal with that so he looked he
looked a little thinner well lucemon
just pushes the pace and pushes that
that's such a weapon some guys can do
that that's such a weapon but he can do
it for five rounds two men he doesn't
get off the gas we're time he's pretty
honest - he's funny man when he was
talking about the fourth round because
in the fourth round he had Tyron hurt
and he poured the gas on just poured the
gas on and tyrant managed to survive and
when tyrant managed to survive he was
thinking of some own Oh what have I done
but he recovered quick yeah you know
yeah yeah he does look a lot bigger
though huh yeah nice and long any legs
though in comparison nerve in comparison
you know also skinny legs Jon challenge
exactly John John Jones you look at John
Jones calf
have you only saw his cast so weird and
someone said to you all right is that
guy an elite athlete like get the fuck
out of here that guy's an accountant
exactly there's no way that there are a
lot of guys like that we just don't
judge a book by it's cover you'll go to
sleep yeah but John Jones is the Mount
well his upper body obviously six five
yeah that's a different thing
well he's got a phenomenal frame for for
combat sports because he's got length
but he's also has muscle I think that's
the best frame I am apparently that's
not real that's not real that's
photoshopped down so that's real that's
Photoshop trust me those are his calves
no they're not that small yes they are
ankles don't even fit into his shoes
those are his he's got very skinny he
has no guts but that last one was that's
ridiculous but he said just like yeah
the one up there is a perfect one we're
throwing that kick right there how do
you look game plan for that terrible
photoshopped they cut off the back of
his leg there what you talking about I
don't know that's his leg no look at
that that's like there's nothing so
that's 100% Photoshop you can see the
blur on the Photoshop why is that
blurred yes from a guy that does
Photoshop every single day yeah that's
photoshopped you do Photoshop every
single day what are you doing online I
baked our logo thought I thought you
doing weird shit photo makes me stronger
give Brian ABS I need to get out TRT let
me see yeah well we know John has skinny
calves point missing oh you how do you
defend against that terrible front kick
to the fucking stomach every time back
well he likes to throw it to the thigh
too
yeah the he throws that oblique kick to
the thigh and the side kick to the knees
you know it's interesting when I see
people criticizing that kick I'm like
you're crazy that they're kicking people
in the face yeah you're mad that kicking
them in the knee well like oh you can
ruin a career I like oh you can't ruin a
career by head kicking somebody yeah
like Wonder Boy I was saying that about
Darren till they thought Darren tail was
trying to ruin his career by side
kicking him in the knee and he doesn't
think that technique should be legal
damn okay man I mean I I get it but your
head kicking people yeah his wheel
kicked Jake Ellenberger in the fucking
head yeah how good is that for your
career
not so good come on man yeah brutal
sport man yeah it is it's as brutal as
it gets man but it's not the worst thing
for your body
I think football's the work some dudes
don't get hit like a mustard I was
another example of that I don't think
I've seen him I don't know one last time
I saw him actually get cracked was he's
so good at opening punch from Darren til
Mighty Mouse for the best example Mighty
Mouse gets hit less than anybody but
there's there's other guys that they're
very hard to hit y'all get hit in
practice though yeah I know a lot of
guys though who don't spar like that
anymore
yeah I think Robbie Lawler stopped doing
it I think cowboy these guys Robbie stop
sparring completely for years while he's
fighting for Strikeforce but then when
he moved to American Top Team he started
sparring again and he was training
really hard that's when actually he
became the welterweight world he's he's
he's so fucking tough like I want to see
that Askren fight again because he I put
my money on Robbie Lawler that he does
not care about he looked better than
I've ever seen him I've gone back and
forth about five times I'm whether or
not that was a good stoppage but lucemon
convinced me after we watched the
footage that was a bad stoppage yeah I
think Robbie was okay I think he just
relaxed he was there he had what how I
don't know how many more seconds but
that Bulldogs time but yeah I think he
was all right but it's hard to tell it's
just unfortunate and again Herb Dean is
as good a referee as there is on planet
Earth yeah there is no one better than
him there's no one better Herb Dean is
as good as it gets
he made a mistake but it's hard to say
if it was a mistake because I wasn't
even sure it was a mistake
we were not sure it better than err on
the side of caution as he couldn't hear
him he couldn't talk but here's the
thing he's only getting choked out like
if it's Ben Askren it's only he's only
get choked out if it's Francis and GaN
oh and he's fucking punching you in the
head and you think you're unconscious
then stop the fight but if it's just a
choke like Ben Askren is not known for
being in any way shape or form a power
striker no and he's not hitting up now
holding on to his neck and I think that
shows have been how tough Ben Askren
cuz he got his head bounced on that
fuckin I was like you're getting crushed
here and he's like whatever yeah I'm
gonna stick to my wrestling yeah he was
getting fucking pounded but he figured
it out and he even though they
disengaged he managed to get ahold of
Robbie again and get him on the ground
and get that choke on yeah look it was
it was fun while it lasts but he doesn't
want to fight Robbie again I think if I
was the UFC I would be absolutely trying
to make that fight again do you think
they will I think they want to
that's what Dana White said but been
said why would I want to do that I
already went I already won why would I
want to do that oh but the thing about
you know a Camaro was saying like you
don't get a choice like the UFC he's
gonna tell you who to fight him yet
mm-hmm maybe they just offer been a good
amount of money from Robbie is Robbie is
you know he deserves that privilege and
I think he's easily up there and he can
always be the champion again we got more
he looks as good he looks as good as
he's ever looked yes that looked a main
matter he looked amazing physically he
looked amazing when he was fighting yeah
even more importantly I think that's the
fight that makes the most money because
people want to see that I want to see it
you want to see it all the real fans
want to see it yeah I think I do enough
of that in USA they do sometimes but
what I was gonna say is like that he
deserves it Jesus no one deserves it
more than Steve Bay Miocic steep a
losses to DC and we haven't heard hide
nor hair of him he's the fucking most
successful heavyweight of all time he
defended title four times no one's ever
been able to do that he does that and he
gets nothing after that no love no
respect no nothing no talk about him
fighting DC again you know they're just
talking about DC brock lesnar and they
don't even know if brockless is really
gonna fight isn't DC kind of retired
know this he wants to fight Brock he's
got a fight Brock and he's gonna retire
he's gonna just kind of get that to me
to me the most the most impressive
fighter to ever step in the Octagon is
Daniel Cormier you certainly won a fight
but I'm just an intern see more
impressive when when John Jones beat him
because well so John Jones is without a
doubt the most talented and best fighter
to me with the tools that DC is working
with when you
five nine five ten and you you know you
just you're dealing with guys with so
much taller with so much more regional
he's undefeated as a heavyweight the
only man he's ever lost to was John
Jones and everybody else all comers see
Pam you know she just give me a number
yeah and he take he's taking everyone
I'm out listen almost giant fans just
incredible don't get me wrong he shows
you how good John Jones mr. John Jones
has his number whatever the case but
it's both yeah I'd like to see DC fight
John Jones at heavy way me too
240 that might happen that might be the
big fight the big fight might be if DC
fights Brock let's assume he beats Brock
which I think he would then DC fights
John Jones yeah but he might not be
Brock here's the thing about Brock and
this is so ridiculous to say he's still
a fucking giant Viking human he's so
extraordinarily big he's so powerful
that if he clips DC anything can happen
yeah but he's got a he's gonna get
punched in the face by DC and I think I
personally believe that if you are not
getting punched in the face and working
on patterns and really working on your
striking you get into the ring with a
guy like Daniel Cormier who does that
every day true but we don't know the
rats in the jaw we don't we don't know
that that's the case we also know that
he has been wrestling with this Michigan
State wrestler that's one of the best
wrestlers on the planet Earth this video
of him wrestling with this current
phenom yeah and he's training with like
real elite world-class fighters but
you're striking yeah but Daniel Cormier
got that yeah down and he's also Brock
is also the WWE champ bro fine there is
that she's throwing people around there
is that got hit with a chair you're
right I don't know man
I'm putting all my money on DC I would
say that DC would be heavily favored
yeah I would also say that that big
gorilla can fucking punch any person on
the planet with those lunch box fists
and he fucked he's so big man when you
stand next to Brock you just like oh
you're a totally he's been flying
silverback yeah he's this close to a
silverback as I've ever seen as a Viking
yeah you know so long arms giant human
yeah
ridiculous fists the real question is I
mean how much has he really been working
on his striking in in these years that
he's been outside of the cage how much
is he much easier to work on your
wrestling if you're him ground striking
is a whole different animal well
particularly sparring not just like
hitting mitts and hitting the pad but
getting getting good rounds and against
people that can crack and people that
can crack like DC where he clinches you
and then hits you in the clinch and also
learning how to adjust like the great
fighters that I noticed our guys who
they come in with a game plan that game
plan gets shut down and then they change
it up right then they do subtle things
they just start doing little differences
and you go oh you're you're doing it
you're doing a whole different thing
here yeah and that guy can't see it or a
lot of people can't see and that's what
I think it's amazing then there's the
other thing he's got to get off the
sauce he got he got off the sauce so if
he gets off the sauce now he's 40 and
he's been on Mexican supplements for the
last few years for sure yeah and your
whole endocrine system is just like good
luck yeah yeah I mean yes who knows who
knows I'm gonna I'm gonna have to get
myself on some I'm looking forward to
getting off TRT I don't feel like I need
it yet right now really should been a
long time ago you think so a hard
percent but telling you forever I know I
know I want to I wanna keep squeezing
every little ounce of natural juice well
it's real I mean you you can do it
without it but you won't be as healthy
you won't be as strong you won't have as
much energy the real last you got some
energy the best thing would be if they
could figure out a way to revitalize
your body's natural production of
testosterone that's that's similar to
the way it is when you're a 30 year old
man they could really do that right now
that camp you know right now they'll you
can only add it you can you can get your
but there's a lot of other stuff going
on like if you listen to that the
podcast that I did with
what's the doctor's name anti agent
doctor Oh David David Sinclair yeah
there's a lot of factors you know
there's a lot of different things you
can do nmn resveratrol all these
different things that's I want those
things I want mmm and and what does nmn
it's telomere elongate er yes lengthens
your telomeres which was telling me the
best sign of telomeres let's keep google
the actual definition of telomeres but
it's the best sign of whether or not
your body's aging correct where do I get
good rezerve it oral resveratrol is very
strong I'll get online all right
yeah you get that that little container
out there you could take that if you
want i got shitloads oh yeah yeah yeah
when he told me about I started taking
it every day I take it every day with my
morning vitamins mm-hmm a lot of meat
you have he says no right he also says
to take I listen to him when it's
convenient to me miRs also called
terminal telomere terminal transferase
is an enzyme made of protein and RNA
subunits that are long gates chromosomes
by adding ttaggg Oh triple G sequences
to the end of existing chromosomes tell
them telomerase is found in fetal
tissues adult germ cells and also tumor
cells the result of aging cells in an
aging body so it just slows down aging
I'll tell you what man that nmn stuff
makes me feel great
it does 100% yeah gives me a lot of
energy really yeah how about getting Oh
Bryce um I'll get you some yeah yeah
unless you want me to die faster no I
love you all right get me some fucking
let's go TRT for eggnog get on tea or
tea - I got on it ten years ago and I
was telling you - you should be honest
like yeah good I'm good I know I'm still
nervous about it but I'm gonna do some
tests nervous about I want to get thick
boys wanna go like that I want to go
Eddie and jump off a building and glide
fucking around kid you got a nice body
let's go ahead and lose that shirt
let's get you around the corner over
here scared yeah I wish there was a way
to do it naturally and I think there's
going to be I think they're gonna be
able to do it through some sort of gene
manipulation their little turn on your
butt there there's so close to doing
this to mice where they're literally
reversing the age of a mouse and
Sinclair was talking about this movie
and I've had some conversations with
some other people that are really deeply
entrenched in the world of genetic
engineering and and crisper and all the
the new innovations there they're going
to be able to do that it's a matter of
when I think when we're 80 it's there's
a high probability the by the time you
and I are 80 you're gonna be able to be
20 again come on
I'm not bullshit come on no I think
that's real dude I want I want there's
that gene that people can get just five
hours of sleep that wakefulness thing
it's in 3% of the population
it's called adderall yeah well there's
that - is that - but there's one gene
that is yeah that where you can and then
why we sleep he was talking about it but
also my friend has that gene this genome
and they died you have that gene frank
grillo cuz you have that gene because I
know he doesn't sleep at all I'm always
like how do you sleep five hours because
I just wake up and he's fully awake and
he works out for fucking two hours and
and I've only met one of the dude like
that and that's a gene that's
vanishingly rare and some people that
can can get 5 to 6 hours of sleep five
hours and achieve total wakefulness
they're gonna be able to do that yeah
they're gonna be able to manipulate your
eyesight with germs they're going to be
able to inject you with a germ that
repairs your eyesight what's going on
with this bitch can't wait UC San
Francisco neurology professor yin hue
foo PhD discovered the mutation of the
gene Dec 2 in a family of natural short
sleepers people who go to bed normal
time 11 p.m. midnight but usually wake
up naturally at 5:00 a.m. I wonder if
jackal has that shit problems or not I
think he just gets up with pure hate
that now he probably has that gene I
don't believe it
cells draw open what discipline
only so I wish he was right next to you
change your tune and start sucking his
dick
Jacques kind of tough it's terrifying
Blackburn forty pound serial killer who
is he that thick I don't know he's that
big oh my god oh Jesus chuckles a tank
oh I didn't know that dude he's an inch
taller than me anyways 240p come on you
don't know what Jocko a fucking white
Samoan dude Jocko taps Dean Lister in
training
what yes you don't understand what
you're talking about he's a freezie
gorilla yeah yeah he said there's that
picture him with his shirt off some men
are just men's I don't think that's him
now click on it I'd see it fine no saw
him yeah he's a gorilla dude that's
stupid it's getting into bowhunting you
should too
yeah he's a killer don't wanna be sworn
worries yeah pheasant hunting with my
boy Tariq and his brother fun right
blast
flushing peasant huh to cook the fuzz
yeah that's what I mean nap all right oh
and Sonoma awesome guy next time we come
out we'll go okay my boy Tariq has got
it locked down we eat we shoot pheasant
and you eat the best pheasant and drink
the best wine there's nothing better and
smoke cigars and hang out tell me a
better time
tell me about shakes buddy buddy Jake
city corners chick yeah tark Tarkas he
teaches me boxing like he's got this
incredible gym called empower I go there
San Francisco I go to San Francisco just
collects hangings it is this you guys
that would be me running Oh getting
cardio did you have a dog to Festival
sure did German Shorthair and my buddy
Tariq Aziz and shout-out you why are you
running with a gun no dude because I get
my cardio a loaded gun don't look at
mustache that does William you look like
you have a mustache right now are you
growing one no I just got to thinkin a
show there bro seems like you're dancing
with it dude I just I grow hard I grow
hard if I could if I take a poo and I
push hard I grow a mustache hmm
interesting yeah do try
yeah just happens I like being manly I
like shooting pheasant okay and by the
way did you flush them and then they fly
up in there about six feet in front of
you and we're still missing still five
quarters it's so annoying
I went pheasant hunting once with
Bourdain oh you did yeah I shot one in
the feather
I saw its feather a blue a piece of its
feather off and flew away laughed at
/ took a shit in my general direction
it's a only cut off one shot but public
land hunting is hard you know most of
the hunting that I do is on private land
it's publicly on hunting a lot of
pressure a lot of people out there doing
it yeah you know well animals get smart
well they get sits and there's the
argument there's two arguments and I
support both of them one argument is
that public land hunting is harder and
you should really be more proud of
success on public land because it's for
everybody it's not a leadest thing it's
very difficult to do you got to really
put in the work yeah not a discipline I
get that argument but my the problem
that I have with it is first of all I
don't have a lot of time and I like
success but to the animals when they're
pressured they don't act normal they
they don't call as much like elk elk in
particular if it in a high-pressure area
its problem with wolves when wolves move
into areas the elk just shut down all
the calling one of the coolest things
about elk hunting is they fucking scream
one the first time I ever won elk
hunting with campaigns we took me out
hunting
I remember this morning we're out there
in this base and you hear just you hear
I'm screaming it's yeah it's still dark
out we're walking them like this is the
fucking coolest thing I life just
hearing them scream and yelling at each
other and trying to fight off the other
males and you hear their their horns
clashing against each other because
their antlers are there they're fighting
and this is on public land there is this
was on private land yeah yeah cuz I for
me a lot of that hunting and we need to
do it again by the way yeah I don't it's
not so much about killing the animal
it's the camaraderie yes like like so
I'm on this they stock this field with
these pheasant I'm not there to kill the
fence I love the meats and stuff and but
but it's more the experience with my two
friends and we're out there with a dog I
like to say that too but I like to kill
elk other to eat that I like the food
like I live off ELCA you checked my DNA
it's 65% elk I need to know I'm not
bullshitting I eat so much of it I feel
fucking great I bet I mean I think
there's something to it
I do too it's like I need a lot of me to
die meaning this dark-red pro
that's good it's coming from his fuckin
the most that are dodging mountain lions
it's good for you yeah you take the life
force of the animal into your mana
there's something about that I swear to
God and even the pheasant like you know
it's it's there's just something there's
something about looking for an animal
that focuses your mind and even in
something as lame as when they're
roosting on a field you got the dog and
the dog points you know anyone fishing I
had said what's that you like fishing I
don't I'm not a good Fisher look I'm
sure if I learned how to fish but
fishing is technique which I didn't know
I grew up fishing oh you did yeah I was
real I was in the bass angler sportsman
society when I was like 13 years old
we're competitive weren't you
no I mean I just like to fish yeah I
mean competitive my friends you always
want to catch the biggest fish but
there's something about fishing man
there's something about casting a line
and the best to me is like a top water
bait like you cast a plug and you see it
land on the water pauses the ripples
sort of spread out and then you give it
a twitch give it another twitch and let
it pause again and then a big explosion
of water fuck oh shit dude my little
daughter my youngest is 100% hooked on
fishing
she caught a six pound bass in Florida
it Geeks me out to no end because she's
my little fishing buddy
like we're we were in Maui and when we
were Maui we went we went hunting for
hunting we went and caught a yellowtail
and she caught out gang a yellowtail and
this little tiny girl like a 10-pound
yellowtail is a motherfucker to try to
reel in oh yeah they're so hard to reel
in and she was reeling them in on her
own man I mean all I had to do is hold
the rod because it literally would have
yanked the rod out of her hands I'm
trying to show you a picture that's
amazing I got a picture in here someone
take my daughter fish dude it's fun man
and then you know with with the bass
we'd let them go okay here's a six pound
bass perfect with with the bass we let
him go as a catch and release deal but
the yellow
we ate that that night so the whole
family needs something that she could
add that's good she loved that's huge
was so excited by it she got so she just
she beams with pride this little tiny
girl yeah you know and she's holding on
to this right she would not let me reel
it in she's like do you want me to I go
do you want me to reel an insert no she
had two hands on it going cranking and
I'm holding on to it and she made sure
she pulled it into the boat to like
she's obsessed mmm it's awesome I love
once I think once you've felt what it's
like to catch a fish and then cook it
and eat it once and by the way if you
never had really fresh fish it's like
really fresh fish is so flavorful and
delicious and just a little bit of
butter and lemon on it and a little bit
of seasoning you know I've done that
plenty of times
I've gone on organized fishing you know
and deep-sea fishing you know we should
do we should organize a gig in Alaska in
July during the salmon runs a great idea
would do a gig up there and Anchorage
will catch some salmon for a few days do
a gig to pay for the whole trip yeah
just have a good time
ari and I did that offense I would love
to do that did Ari and I did that we
caught some giant salmon let's do that
we caught some king salmon they're like
30 pounds amazing Wow eight salmon for
fucking months Jesus yeah I love that so
fun I'd love to do that but you know
what's fucked DOS it's crazy
the world never seen anything like it
it's looking assault yeah it's like a
gang violence I saw it in Indonesia when
I when I when I was tracking or
Angleton's
in the rainforest I was 21 or whatever
and I thought I wanted to be a
naturalist Yeah right I'd love that
story about the ants oh dude fuck forget
the ants you had to carry a sulfur coil
because bug repellent didn't work on
those mosquitoes you had to carry around
the sulfur coil look at that
that's re in the sand look at our I had
to clean afterwards fuckin salmon great
Jewish house doors has a big-ass salmon
yeah
is there any more pictures of our fish
one picture there's one other thing but
I didn't check that that's a big-ass
fish though look at Ari
handsome bastard yeah it's fun man I
love fishing I really wish there was a
place close to my house where I could
fish it's very peaceful mmm
you know like fish for your breakfast
catch a trout yeah and then you know
cook that motherfucker in a pan right
there on the shore Oh incredible so you
know they have a lot of and people like
just in Napa Valley a shitload of
mountain lion yeah hunt them no no
they're everywhere though apparently too
many of them yeah but there's a real
dumb thing because they do hunt them but
they hunt them with professional hunters
that the state has to hire because they
get depredation permits because things
start killing livestock or dogs or well
I grabbed a llama when I'm grabbed a
llama and jumped over the fence with the
llama in its mouth yeah I mean that's
fucking nuts yeah you can't do that
crazy a train but even if you train you
put on your back let's see let's say if
you put a llama in a backpack say you
got like a fucking Cafaro back yeah good
luck stuff the llama in there you had
the whole lot it in had it okay go over
that fence well my buddy who's a guide
in Alaska my buddy Chad he said that
they were climbing up this mountain it
was a fucking nightmare like they like
just slogging up this steep mountain
just like and they were like looking up
and they're like goddamn this is a
nightmare you know you're making like
inches yeah just like oh oh and you got
a backpack and it just I wanted this
exam you over and don't try not to think
about it dang let's take a break you
know yeah and they just hear this and
they just see this grizzly with an elk
in its mouth and it just bounds up the
mountain it just goes shaggin shaggin
right by them with a with it with its
berg and just goes up over the mountain
and over the ridge just no problem in 12
seconds and they were like well that's a
grizzly that's just wrong a fucking good
face and this is me Jesus Christ I don't
wanna I'm so terrified of I'm terrified
I don't want to fuck get fucked up by a
chimpanzee Shem bones II will eat my
face in my balls so I don't want that
and I definitely don't want to get
attacked by a grizzly because they'll
start eating you when you're still alive
yeah
and that's a problem most of the time I
Grizzlies eat people though or most time
with Grizzlies kill people they're not
killing someone because they want to eat
them
they're killing someone because you
startled them and they're with their
female the females with their cubs oh
that's so mostly so what happens when
what are you supposed to do when a
grizzly just pray well if it's a female
grizzly you are literally better off
letting her fuck you up right it just
curl up in a ball you're supposed to put
your hand behind your neck lay in a
fetal position and don't let her get
access to your organs because she wants
to chew your organs apart Jesus yeah
it's one of the reasons why it's really
important to have a strong backpack you
have a strong backpack she'll fuck up
that backpack well you're on on your you
know on your knees curled up in a fetal
position but that's assuming you can
survive that she's probably gonna break
your arm she's probably gonna snap your
legs bite into you in ways that you
can't imagine the kind of force and
power she can generate I mean she's
trying to immobilize you she wants
immobilize you as a threat to her
children but a male if a male's trying
to kill you it's usually because he's
starving to death
they don't recognize people as a food
source so they rarely people so that
male he probably is never eaten a person
it's one of the reasons why it's safer
to be in a place where they hunt
Grizzlies because in a place where they
hunt Grizzlies grizzly she's a person
who goes fuck this they'll smell you and
get the fuck out of there right but like
Yellowstone
they haven't hunt Grizzlies there and
forever so people still get jacked
they're still they get jacked there
every couple of years I would it's
killer gun you should but you might not
be able to get to it
and you also have to be able to prepare
to pull it out and shoot quickly you
can't think that just because you have a
gun you're gonna be okay now cuz you
don't hear them coming up on you come up
so fast they move so fast they run they
run fast as a dog okay there Hugh is
that true yes they run fast as fuck man
and they're huge
it's a giant animal it's not 800 pounds
think about that sure war just stumbled
across a story about this just happening
for the bear spray didn't work yeah and
it was attacking the guide and the
client went to grab the Glock out of the
pack and it didn't fire and then the
bear came after him so he tried to throw
the gun to the other guy and then it
didn't that guy just ran it I guess
I shall follow this okay who died it
doesn't
I don't I didn't find now I'm an assault
I'm the best story is Rinella story
Rinella and Remy Warren and Jana sweet
Alice and our friends they they got
attacked while they were in a fog neck
island in Alaska Jesus yeah some things
yes like two years ago and Remy came on
here and told the story and it's fucking
terror
well they killed an elk and they had
hung it in a tree and they had taken
some of the meat back because you know
you have to hike out a fog nack is
particularly dense it's very very dense
vegetable like remember when we were on
Prince of Wales on dance dance yeah well
it's like that but even worse and
Grizzlies everywhere
yes Grizzlies everywhere was a huge
problem that when we were on that island
that Island had black bears yeah which
weirdly enough they're not as dangerous
but they are more predatory to its
people I want a giant spiked helmet and
spiked collar and I want my guns lot of
clothes and I want Kevlar clothes I want
an Ironman suit that's right I want to
be able to correct rockets out of my
hand that's right and I want to be able
to Electrify it when the one thing bites
yes kill it and then immediately cut its
head off and put on a stake so all the
other grizzly bears know not to fuck
that's exactly right
right okay there you go man yeah we
definitely need to go on a hunt again I
know dude it's so much fun yeah even if
if it's a rifle hunt I'll go on arrival
on you you just love bow hunting huh I
love you bought me a bow I need I'm
gonna bring it to tells you you shoot it
shot I wanted to hear what you both
three years ago I know a new one no boy
comes out with new models every year I
like that one I haven't never shot it's
great bow so let me let me get used to
that one I'll become expert well what I
would like you to do honestly what I'd
like to do and we should organize this
with John Oh John Dudley because we have
access to the literally the best archery
coach on the planet Earth in John Dudley
he's the best Wow I'm so good we need
first of all he's a world he was a
world-class competitive Archer oh he
competed on the world stage he traveled
all throughout the planet but so what is
his like what are the principles he
teaches first of all it's just like
martial arts if you have a bad coach
you'll develop bad tech
and it's gonna be very difficult for you
to learn you could still Excel some
people still Excel with bad coaching you
know there's people that have just a
natural ability to fight right and you
teach them just a few things they know
how to like put knuckles to your face
some people just better at that yeah and
they just they have a good mentality for
it but they would be way better if they
were with ferocity they would be way
better if they're with Duke Rufus
there's just no doubt about it great
coaching is imperative for achieving
your full potential that's the same
thing with archery with archery a guy
like John Dudley will put the
fundamentals in the perfect position for
you and he changed my archery so much
that like I'd been doing archery for
more than a year so before I met him
maybe a year and a half my whole my
ability jumped up 20 to 30 percent
within the first couple hours of meeting
it Wow
yeah what 100% Jesus got video of me and
him in my backyard and I'm laying these
nocturnal arrow knocks they lit knocks
so they fly through the air it looks
like laser beams and I'm laying them
into my elk target at like 65 yards
thunk thunk-thunk all of them going into
the vitals a boxing is like that like oh
I had Donald Cerrone one time just sit
there and explain to me like where to
place my feet and what I was doing wrong
and why more weight should be on my back
foot but just little things like that or
my buddy Tariq all I'm weighing
mcculloch of course but but my boy Tariq
like he'll teach me stuff that comes
from that MMA background but just where
where you're looking like how to judge
distance and there are certain
techniques to do it or just wear your
back foot should be in relation that
person's foot regard you know just how
to set things up yeah and they can some
people can simplify it and teach you
those basic principles where you're like
damn yeah damn it makes such a huge
difference a huge difference for you
know yeah I mean there's ways to do
things correctly and people have spent
their entire life learning these things
and we're learning how to teach these
things to which is critical
you know there's look like we both came
from a Taekwondo background and I got
very very very fortunate in the
the school that I found that I stumbled
into J Kim Tae Kwon no one's doing
Boston was one of the best gyms on earth
yeah I just got super lucky so I learned
from the time I was a young kid I
learned the right way to do things and
the emphasis was always on technique it
didn't matter how fast you were if you
were doing it wrong you were corrected
the Russians are like that like there's
this tennis woman in in Moscow who's
responsible for the tennis revolution
Sharapova and all those people and she
is a coach
she's like 77 she's got like two courts
and the kids when they get there I don't
think they're allowed to really hit a
ball for the first six months I mean
there's sweat your swing and your your
positioning is she in grains those
fundamentals so that you can't do it
wrong so before you start playing tennis
you are in graining neural pathways and
patterns that are perfectly correct so
that when the shit hits the fan you get
emotional you don't know how to do it
wrong yeah you don't know how right
right like I think Virgil hunter and
those guys do the same thing when they
train you know like when you were ill
I'm sorry I'm sorry for no but but
Hunter who is a who's a Andre Awards
original coach
Virgil oh is that right now I think it's
personal Hunter look that out but but
but what they'll do is the Virgil Hill
was the light heavyweight champion that
Roy Jones jr. knocked out with a body
shot burnable interest I think his I'll
be talking to Andre Ward on the
Instagram - lets get him such a mass get
him in here he's not just a master it's
a brilliant analyst - he's amazing but
he was trained where the discipline of
fundamentals and perfecting your tech or
hunter yeah hunter Verdi can you listen
to Virgil hunter I've listened to had
the way he speaks
and I just I obsess over that like I
loved watching the old-school guys this
is got coach Anthony who I watched his
videos on YouTube I think he's in Kansas
City by the way I'd love to get in there
and train with him but he's he's a guy
who like breaks shit down in those
little details and you just realize what
a science boxing is and you realize like
it was at that awesome
Alice thing you did way goes his boxer
like you're making mistakes but then
there are mortal like you're making sins
but you're making mortal sins like
getting hit with shots you don't see he
can teach you how to avoid that yeah and
that's a little detail that's and
everything in life is that way it's like
you want to be really good at something
get great coaching and it's those small
adjustments that make all the difference
like the bid there was the number one
the hundred tennis player in the world
and the number two tennis player in the
world is that much but it's all the
difference in the world yeah learning
how to do things correctly in every
single discipline is the most important
thing yeah learning how to do it
correctly
yeah and then from there all your
creativity and all your ability to
improvise all comes from these perfect
fundamentals that's right did you watch
our old Spence jr. Mike and Garcia I did
not I want to see Earl Spencer he just
looks so much better than Mikey I see a
lot bigger yeah lot bigger I want to see
her all Spence and mr. Crawford go at it
woo me too that's gonna that's gonna be
a big fight I just felt like Mikey or
SEO I love I'm gonna watch it but he
just looked so much smaller and ro
Spence it's too hard he won't look
bigger he won't look that much bigger
than Terrance Terrance Crawford is about
he's big he's a guy who changes things
up man
always thinking and he'll come out and
fight the first five rounds of the
southpaw and you think you gotta figure
it out and then we'll switch stances and
fuck you up so weird yeah that that kind
of genius that kind of high fight IQ is
crazy
what's also that ambidextrous ability is
so critical and that was Marvin Hagler
Marvin Hagler used to switch back and
forth and no one you couldn't do jack
shit about it he would fight you as a
southpaw just as good as you'd fight you
Orthodox
you didn't know what the fuck was coming
next there was that Duran could do that
there was that fighter he said I can't
he's reading my mind my mind is what he
goes he knows what I'm gonna do before I
do it well well Duran understood those
patterns so well he could he could just
he just cut you off
yeah he just be like I know what you're
gonna do I can see already what you're
setting up before you do it yeah that's
like jiu-jitsu you're a roll with
someone who's really good then I watch
tenor I watched wrestling way before
you're gonna do it
I watched Henry Gracie take Brendan
Schaub lyoto machida I mean all these
guys these killers I was like I would
he was starting on his back and there on
top of him and he wouldn't choke them
out uh I was like what yeah he lets them
take his back but but again he's so far
ahead of them he knows what you're gonna
do so he done cut you off it's like
every time hurtin I try to move around
with way McCall like he'll just he just
no matter what I'm doing I'm doing the
Winky right thing I'm keeping my hands
here I'm like there's no and he just
finds your face
yeah he's touching you and it's like
everything right along that things get
you get better at everything I mean like
you know that feeling that you get when
you watch someone who's only been doing
stand-up like a year as you see them
going on in front of a crowd and you see
they're choking up and panicking and
maybe rushing a joke or being awkward I
have to run away yeah weird but then
ladies and gentlemen here's your next
comic Bryan Callen yeah just go up and
just loose and relax you've seen it all
before what I do but this is what I like
what I like is that there are all these
things that you can do like that where
you just get better if you keep doing it
you learn more I think learning things
and there's an article learning yeah
there's an art to learning but I think
it's so critical to enjoying life I
think that's one of the like learning
stuff and doing difficult things we can
see incremental improvement that's
that's based on your effort in your
concentration I think these are really
important for happiness a hundred
percent I think about all of our friends
are really happy that we're all pursuing
things also I know where to place my
energy and I see myself getting better
but more importantly I can not only do I
see myself getting better but I come to
understandings when I'm writing stand-up
now when I'm thinking of what am i next
my next one hours gonna be I I start
kind of like getting to what I think
about in essence like where am i right
now I've kind of arrived at a place I
set these goals for myself and now what
now what now I got a standstill maybe
what the fuck does that look like yeah
well I'm gonna write about that I'm
gonna write about not not my life has
been either a fight or I'm not I'm ready
to run away right just joke about not
wearing moccasins and I had this
therapist wore moccasins as I got on
trust in many ways moccasin are
something really good for stalking yeah
you're either I was gonna say the only
time I mock
moccasin is macho's if you're sneaking
up on a castle guard to take him out
with a knife or you're hunting deer
that's the only time otherwise you're a
cult leader and you're selling your
collar have you know how many pairs
mom's yeah well I don't trust you unless
you got a bone your head you come out
with moccasins and you're smiling you're
trying to spot a new pair okay yeah all
right well good just for stalking I like
just so you don't break any twigs in
here well when I was in when I was in
Indonesia and my Dayak guides the
indigenous people of Indonesia didn't
break a twig under their feet bare feet
sir bare feet
Oh bear if you're great in the in the
rain forest if I know we're about
cooties I'd hunt with bare feet
you got you got leeches you got spiders
they didn't give I he ain't I'm worried
about snakes and girls us of us well you
should be
yeah especially warm months the last
scene when here's fuck man
I've never been bitten but I've had my
dogs bent in three times with Frank yeah
Frank got bitten three fucking times
yeah Frank and Lucy they both got bitten
you have to get him it'll bring him to
the fucking doctor one time I brought
him to the doctor doctor looked at him
says well I don't see any swelling the
my it might not have gotten him because
he killed the snake I was like I don't
see that he's such a psycho he's not
smart yeah I just would charge in and
just snap at things yeah like the idea
that this thing didn't bite him he goes
well you know if he's feeling bad take
him back in again I bring him home an
hour later his face has got it growing
up basketball off the side of it so
having my dog just fucking bring him
back in but it was expensive two months
which is a real bummer because it's
thousands and thousands of dollars for
this anti-venom and if you're a poor
person and they want that money right
now I know man yeah I have I have pet
insurance my dog got hit by a car
$14,000 sir thank God for pet insurance
well I paid like nothing it was it was
incredible mm-hmm
so pet insurance is a necessary thing my
dog got bit by a rattlesnake didn't see
the rattlesnake but I heard my dog like
that and I
what the fuck and we're walking back I'm
I've never seen it like it we're walking
back my dog's tongue is out and my dog
starts weaving and then just kind of
falls over oh Jesus I picked the dog up
I bring that dog to the vet I thought
maybe he got stung by a wasp or
something I didn't know then I was like
this is she I was like I think she got
bit by a rattlesnake and she was so
swollen her head was so it left by the
time I got there her head was like
literally looked like a giant balloon
yeah I said I think my dog got bit by a
snake
do you know what's really cool they ever
gave her of anti-venom when I think
about it you know what's really crazy is
the venom is actually digesting tissue
yeah that's what's fucked up like that
what that venom is for give they bite a
snake like a snake bites around a bit or
some shit like that it's actually
digesting the rabbit so they don't have
like a stomach like we have there their
whole body's just like one just rot
track the things just rot inside of it
they absorb it don't get to it yeah
dirty monsters do you ever see that
video that I posted that I got from one
of those guys that I follow on Instagram
but they were in the desert and this big
fucking huge fat rattlesnake had a
rabbit and was dragging the rabbit away
no this lifeless rabbit is being dragged
away by this thing that's as thick as my
forearm oh my god see that yeah see we
can find it good luck finding it
probably four years ago three years ago
four years ago is it found it watch this
so this thing look at this it's got the
rabbit Wow
yeah and they close in on it and it just
drags it away Wow it's creepy this is a
different video I've had the one that I
had it was a bigger snake and it pulls
it away way quicker but it's just it's
just a gross little animal but then
again you need those gross land you know
animals like that's the same like the
argument that people say you don't want
coyotes in your neighborhood well okay I
kind of see what you're saying but the
problem is
you don't want rats in your neighborhood
either stupid yeah and coyote is gonna
kill the rats but they do right over
this what is this one the mama rabbit
comes and fucks up the snake oh that's
right yeah that's right yeah yeah the
mom rabbit recognizes some shit is going
down fucks up that snake get off my baby
yeah look at that
yeah rabbits are fucking fierce man
they're rodents man yeah I ain't rats a
video where a kid stopped a cat I think
it was a kebab cat a small Bobcat like
in a village was getting attacked by
some snakes and was protecting its
babies and the mom just left the babies
to die or whatever cuz she knew that she
couldn't fight it the kid just grabbed
the snake by the head and walked it away
and threw it like in the bush came back
and grabbed the babies and gave him back
to the mom it was a crazy video blow
like eight-year-old kid maybe younger
Kratt he was wild grabbed a snake
grabbed the snake it was a 8 7 6 5 8
foot snake 60 foot crazy some kids grow
up hard dude no I was a kid I would grab
snakes if I saw snake I'm going for it
yeah obsessed you look alive I know I'd
grab whatever but I didn't live in a
place where there were poison snakes
well when I lied when I lived in Florida
I was always worried about running into
an alligator we'd run into alligators
and snapping turtles a lot of snapping
turtles some snakes there are some
snakes who we'd run into do the problem
with Florida yeah once in a while
there's a crowd an American crocodile
mm-hmm or they even say in the
Everglades they got a couple miles out
there oh yeah they do a couple the old
Nile Crocs yeah
assholes who got them as in the
seventies and they just let them loose
and now they have a viable population as
it sounds what we doing it's almost fake
because they have cameras everywhere
fake I think that's what he does it
regardless of the fact if it's a pet
Python I would have done that in a
heartbeat as a kid so he's pulling on it
he's got a Python oh they set this up
bro that's right I mean as I was pulling
back up and seen all the cuts I think
okay it might not be real this is not
real this is a setup
look that kids been grabbing snake
no life yeah he grabbed that thing
expertly I'd make that thing a cock
holster
let's go did a cock holster cock rings
just a bunch of cock rings or a cow
holster motherfuck into a belt huh yeah
it's like growing up like that around
snakes and all kinds of evil fucking
shit like that have you been in South
Africa no Cape Town I'm scared
okay Taz most beautiful place I've ever
been in my life I saw wild that's a lot
but thanks for playing
it is know it might be the most
beautiful place I've ever seen just like
way it looks oh fuck it's incredible
it's so beautiful bring up Cape Town
it's ridiculous ridiculous it's
ridiculous when I saw I saw what isn't
for me it's ridiculous it's not that no
it's just it's so PFF looking nah nah
you don't sound like Australia better no
you have no idea wait what about Maui
it's better no that's not true I'm
telling I've been I've been all over
Cape Town's is it got my name I'm sure
it's awesome in terms of breathtaking
really yeah and food mmm any interest in
going to Africa and going hunting well
I've been Africa now four times yeah
it's a long flight mmm what would we be
hunting antelope shit like that kudu
I love Kudo I've healed guys it's
delicious but at the end of the day I
feel you get the same you know why I
feel like you'd get the same because
that can I tell you what that would be
you'd go to a game reserve which is
probably a cattle an abandoned cattle
range yes and they stocked the area with
those animals yes so in a way I think
you could get the same exact feeling in
in Texas yeah Texas right good Texas I'm
not kidding and in Texas you could go
get tex-mex
correct sir get some great food in
Africa is the old malaria that's there a
lot of those issues Yeah right so so the
the trip by the time you get there
you're older it's just too fucking
horrible 16 hours in 16 hours but then
you gotta take a fucking bus and the
whole the whole thing and something goes
wrong every time
what do you got Jane that photo I just
flashed up at Cape Town just made me
think
I saw yesterday that I know I know if
you saw it's a so they can create a
picture like this oh yeah I did see that
if you draw like a little sketch yeah
they could turn that into like instantly
turn that into a photorealistic picture
I mean you haven't seen that no yes it's
fucking bananas so look at that sketch
on the right so through the software
rendering they could do something like
that on the left and then they make it
on the right but make it with a lake and
a mountain like watch this BAM yeah yes
yeah so this is within seconds they can
create this and what is this software
called Jamie I don't know the software
it's it from what I saw is made by
Nvidia which is the back video card
maker and right and all sorts of other
things they'll never be able to replace
comics no no I don't think they're gonna
be able to figure out personality but I
think what they can't they'll never
figure out Joey Diaz right I think what
they can do is make artificial reality
they're going to be able to make
artificial reality it's like how long
will it take for that artificial reality
correct I don't think you can quantify
creativity but don't think I don't might
be wrong though I agree because part of
what creativity is is is surprised and
almost destruction like when you hear
somebody say something you've never
heard before or a different take that
kind of destroys the old way of thinking
it's kind of what a lot of creativity as
innovation is a form of destruction yes
and and so destroying ideas yeah but
like like when when you see a great
piece of art like like there's a majesty
to it yeah it's an awe you're awestruck
like the Vatican the inside of the
Sistine Chapel perfect example I mean
you're you're on that a human being did
that for the sake of beauty in itself
like all those lives of hundreds of
years well yeah generations of artists
right they'd work on the same tapestry
or something for like three that is an
act of faith and you're doing it for its
own sake you're not even doing it
because you're making money it's like
you
you are doing it because you can and
because you want to see what you're
capable of like creating beauty for its
own sake is yeah but its original its it
it changes in many ways your perspective
like you kind of go you you so-so
Nietzsche and Schopenhauer talked about
the idea that there's the will right so
as a human being you're stuck in this
fucking I gotta eat
I got a fuck I gotta sleep and I got a
breed and I eat and I sleep and I fucked
so I can breed you know and I can stay
alive and then might you know further my
gene pool and you're stuck in this kind
of like will to live there's the but
there is a respite now that rest by this
is when you when you see a great work of
art or you're doing great works of art
and somehow when you see something
beautiful when you're laughing really
hard a great standard when you're seeing
I'm an amazing movie like American
Beauty the state it puts you in is so
incredible because it gets you to forget
momentarily about your own biology about
your own urges your own needs your own
wants for whatever reason you you rest
in this state of majesty this sort of
high relief this your higher self or you
go you go man that might be what God's
about that might be what it's like to be
touching something bigger than myself or
bigger than all this other appetite
stuff like I it's almost like it's
almost like something you you forget
that you forget about death and you
forget about your fears and everything
else you know those feelings of
inspiration that can happen when you're
listening to great music or it can
happen when you're making great music
but that is almost the only time you
have I guess and of course we can talk
about flow and you're climbing a
mountain with no ropes or whatever it
might be I think that puts you in those
states of true focus and true flow and
that's what we stay alive for we stay
alive for that and when you are not that
you know everything else becomes
drudgery almost because everything
becomes and I would even I would even
equate like we stay alive also not just
for accomplishments but like when you're
with your friends like we're doing a
fight companion and we're laughing and
being silly geese for no other reason
there's a flow to that oh yeah there's
there's a you you are you are removed
for temporarily from
the world from from from the reality of
your own limitations and there there's
something that's so beautiful about that
I think needs you talked about the idea
that you can you can actually make your
life that Dec your life should be a work
of art live dangerously and leave a
good-looking corpse don't don't worry
about all the other things just just
it's worth living a bleeped she was a
mess they're all that's part of the
problem of listening to him every fuck
yeah philosopher I've done my own
Studies on that every philosopher didn't
get laid and they lived alone and
somebody's lived with their mothers and
they were all a disaster but they
thought deeply they have these concepts
they have concepts and oftentimes
they're not really putting these
concepts to practice in their own life
which is very strange that's right yeah
that's very true
yeah those moments that we have when
we're doing the fight companion where
we're just fucking howling and laughing
that's that's why and and those you
can't recreate that you know one of the
things that's interesting about fight
companion is a bunch of people have
tried to recreate it they've done their
own and they always abandon it just give
up testers weren't really friends we're
really friends and we really go hard
getting fucked up I mean how many shows
are there where people are just getting
drunk and saying ridiculous shit live
I'm in front of millions of people now
and then we'll have a show where there's
a you you know UFC that may get a
hundred thousand pay-per-view bars and
we get five million views is that I mean
how many we get between the the in
between YouTube and iTunes the next time
I take my shirt I gotta be I gotta be a
little more jacked well least you don't
surprise us anymore
that's true but job likes people I try
to come like they're like well you know
fighter new kid I want to start my own
podcast well I don't we're friends
there were really friends that's why it
works
I can't I just make it like the Monkees
I'm just fuckin organize a fake band
no fucking way we're just were just
friends no matter right and Eddie is
legitimately crazy too and he's also
legitimately a jujitsu genius you know
he's fuckin and he really does think the
earth is flat like him and I have
conversations but I'm like Eddie stop
stop once you go flat you never go back
what does that mean
what does that be he's so great I don't
understand that thinking but that's part
of the reason why he's fun you know I
was saying I was talking about him the
other day and I was there like he bugs
me about I go he's a genuinely good
person oh he's awesome
he said Jenny love that guy I love he's
been one of my best friends for 20
fucking yes that's why because he's a
good person
yeah he's a great guy he's a great
person and he's like he's brilliant when
it comes to jujitsu I mean really
brilliant but like his unique way of
thinking is creativity is what allowed
him to formulate that system that system
of jujitsu was a lot of very unorthodox
entries and and submissions it's very
very very very clever with his jujitsu
very clever it's so important but that
you know you wonder sometimes his brain
that kind of brain mhm
can have it cuts all the way across it
can have liabilities your strengths are
the same as your liabilities well he'll
have that super obsessed with computer
conspiracies like legitimately super
obsessed but I wasn't always it's a form
of identity though it's also gives you a
tribe and it gives you people all of us
have that yeah well he does that tinfoil
hat podcast to sam tripoli and then they
do conspiracy stand-up comedy where they
go to performant clubs together but it's
really selling well I mean they're doing
it right it's great for Sam - yeah
that's good to see
Sam's a great guy yeah it's like I was
saying earlier world we're insanely
fortunate in our circle friends and
insanely fortunate and the camaraderie
that we all have they'll protect each
other and look out for each other and
support each other and you know I
noticed the two they come I feel so
lucky that I get to do stand-up because
the challenge never goes away yeah and
then I I see a lot of actors like Sean
Penn like Johnny Depp like the guys I
really looked at Mickey Rourke and
something happens to them along the way
Brad Pitt not so much you know but the
real actors that I really kind of
thought were something goes on like I'd
rather they had had a real struggle that
he married a crazy lady yeah
yeah I don't know married a chick who's
ridiculously hot but craziest fuck yeah
I think they might get I don't know
acting doesn't when you when you've done
a movie when you're on set you're
shooting a page a day and that mundane
repetitive process you're in costume
you're saying the same fucking lines
doing the same scenes over and over
again I'm sorry man you're there 16-hour
days and I don't think that's as
satisfying no matter who you are it
becomes a very peculiar skill that it's
not like doing a play here it's
different your standup is stand-up
though you're writing and you have to
perform and it's always changing did I
agree but I also think that you and I
were supposed to do stand-up like a guy
who makes clocks that's his passion a
guy who fixes cars like there's certain
people like my friend Steve strop who
built my Corvette and you know he builds
a bunch of muscle cars and shit that
loves cars yeah he loves the
construction of them and the design of
them he loves putting them together and
now Daniel day-lewis and Christian are
supposed to be actors yeah there's
people that are supposed to do that
they're really good but then there's
other folks that get into it and they
become disillusioned along the way
because the process is so weird
and also it's so fake that's what always
drove me crazy like being around all
these people that are like not really
there talking to you that not really
being vulnerable they're not really
being present there was a little act but
also the trap is having a persona yeah
like I think like Johnny Depp got caught
up in that persona became a pirate yeah
scarves in real life you can't be that
vane you have to have friends like me
and you if I showed up yeah if I showed
up with a lace hanky hanging out of my
pocket and came all the way down on my
knee you tackled me Otis like Jimmy
Burke when I showed up after MADtv I
showed up in New York and I'd start
wearing Kangol hats backwards they look
good on me and I was hot I said I'm
gonna be a good look cuz I saw some
actor do it and I and I go there and
Jimmy burrows dude I'm so fucking proud
I'm at the bar with all the guys I'm so
proud of you robes can go out smoke a
doob celebrate raise a glass take the
hat off right now I'm gonna slap the
shit
okay what about fedoras so what's wrong
my hanakos it's too busy it's busy but a
fedora that's a bet that's the best know
what's the ultimate a straw hat oh I'm a
member of the press well a beret
no a beret is this if you wear a fucking
beret I'm gonna throw a French braid and
throwing you in a flying headlock
brockless if you have a beret and a
cigarette holder like like hunter s
Thompson now I kind of like you if
you're a dandy if you're a dandy and you
have an ear trumpet and a cigarette
holder now I like you I have a hard time
with dudes who wear vests me too I do
want to go I do want to dress like that
like a like a salsa dancer I want to be
a Cuban gentleman at the end of the day
like I do kind of want to be I want to
wear linen suits I want to be an older
gentleman and I want to smoke fine
cigars and there is the ORAC pipe there
is part of me and I want to pontificate
and I want to hang out with Stephen West
and I want to talk about philosophy
I like Watson to him smoke cigars never
ever ever so what's stopping you I don't
know it just the store to say I just
thought I should get some cigars this is
a joint bro oh Jesus
a blunt yeah I like that yeah it's
tobacco on the outside really because
the shit that crashed Tesla stock rock
down so don't hurt my lungs man is it
mostly weed oh yeah the insides wheat
yeah well a little head rush from the
tobacco then they get a little little
little life I'm such a lightweight life
inside the brain we only had some wine
Hey break out some fine whiskey huh I
have some fine whiskey yeah I we're not
many glasses and would be alright or
could just drink out of the glass like
do we have any yeah we have cups you
have to get out of here no all right I
never have to oh sorry I'm here
did you have a special trip on Oak I'm
glad you mentioned that uh complicated
eights guys get my my number one selling
one hour and I'll be at in Kansas City
at the Kansas City improv this Friday
Saturday and then I'll be in well Phil
he's already sold out well then I'll be
Calgary on the fourth fifth and sixth of
April
this stuff is single malt scotch and
this stuff is made by a boy band good
whiskey I don't like this bullshit
where's this come from
I'm not trying risky I believe it's the
Florida Georgia line's whiskey oh okay
they're not a boy band or a bambam I
thought it was like in sync or some shit
at what point in time does a boy band
ever get to a point where they're like
okay we can't call ourselves a boy band
anymore we're 40 boys are still rollin
it's a man it's a man bent nervous
they're still backstreet called a man
band does your glass empty there no
finish across our face oh you know pour
it in there
I'll put the coffee in there good move
good move I'm just a whiskey in there
alright gallons obviously exactly Scott
Scott Jesus days as much what you're
doing
take it easy don't whiskey was it the
Irish scotch scotch the Scots so
Highlands but so the Irish stole it from
the Scots I don't know I don't know is
that your uh that's my brogue my broke
you know who Scotland who's on his way
holla who Billy Connolly famous sir is
he dying
yeah I didn't know that yeah how old is
he he's I want to say he's in the 70s
what happened he just got some terminal
illness see if you can find it
76 great comedian great comedienne
supposedly I've never met him but
supposedly a great guy too we're all
gone brother yes that's the other thing
I think about I want to make I want to I
don't want to be too attached to
immortality I want to make that's way
doable watch I've been doing the area's
you know what I've been doing is I do
Sam Harris's not dying not dead sir
Billy Connolly sends reassuring musical
message to fans
okay so he still to go he's still going
he's got some sort of a cancer and
Parkinson's says hmm double dose fucking
machine breaks down I've been doing um
I've been reading I mean I was doing Sam
Harris's uh waking up app real guided
meditation I've been doing it like it
for three months I actually I love it
because I read his book spirituality
without religion and I really liked it
I've always dabbled I've always thought
about meditation but I without fail I've
done it now for over three months and
it's only ten minutes a day sometimes I
do a little longer you know but um it's
it's kind of profound I never would have
seen the value of it but it's it took me
a while to see he helps it's very he's
he's a very good guide because he's been
doing it for thirty years yeah and he's
a very smart guy obviously he's doing
all of those quiet retreats yeah so did
you know there re who wrote sapiens he
is on three-month retreats I mean when I
started seeing guys with that smart and
do that I kind of went this is very
interesting especially from Sam who's
always takes flack for being an atheist
but he's pretty religious for an atheist
I mean in terms of how he speaks about
meditation consciousness mind versus
brain you didn't use the term spiritual
or appreciate that people say that I'll
never they just but I'm spirit now yeah
yeah I guess he's he's very concerned
with the health of his mind and he
recognizes the power of meditation you
know I do a bunch of different things
that um help me keep my mind clear like
one of them is running or something
about running that I never really
understood until I started doing it to
form a meditation well yeah you're
you're in this sort of weird state of
mind where you're just trudging and
breathing and that's all you really can
concentrate on you don't have much room
for other things like when you're really
struggling like when I'm running up a
steep hill and I'm running with a dog
he's so much faster than me he just
fucking takes off he'd say I have the
best dog man he turns around checks just
make sure I'm okay
like you're all right I'm like I'm good
dude I'm good I'm right behind you
and then he takes off and runs again
he's loves freedom yeah
he's so he's such a good dog like I
never worry about him meeting people he
would just be kissing them yeah like the
only thing I worry about is like cats
like mountain lions you sure I do worry
about that because we do run in these
really remote areas and when when I do
that when I'm trudging up those hills
all I'm doing is breathing I'm pushing
my thighs and I'm fucking trying to get
to the top of this hill and it's a rough
steep fucking long hill you don't think
about jack shit buggy than that and then
when you do come down and your heart
rate drops and you're ready to go again
you know I'll do like a long 200 yard
hill like I'll sprint it as much as I
can yeah and then I get to the top and I
have to catch my breath I don't want to
kill myself but then when you catch your
breath it's like during the time where
your heart rate is dropping you start
looking at the actual real magnitude of
your problems like what are what are
they really like what what is what one
of our biggest problems is the way we
interact with each other right if you
think about all the problems that people
have in the world obviously this is the
big global ones global conflict war
financial conflict and weird shit that
countries do to each other back and
forth but it's human beings in conflict
with other human beings and how much of
that could be avoided right like isn't
it mostly avoidable like with people
with one-to-one to reasonable people you
and I you and I is perfect simple we've
run into some people we've run into a
person and it's not how wars are I think
so of course it's with groups well no no
it's also like sometimes it's about
resources I mean if you if you only have
access to one water way and your kids
may not be able to drink water you can
get genocide right quick of course you
know so there's there are certain things
where you kind of go well we have to
fight for our survival but again people
go to war the way you organize men young
men is not whether we hate them that
doesn't last as much what you do is you
you go hey it's about love it's about
defending our country our way
life and you you create symbols and
propaganda and things for them to march
behind that's always how you motivate
large groups is how you create an
ideology in your you know your fighting
force you need that because they tend to
fight for something you know I think it
west points as a nation to finds itself
on what it's willing to fight for
nobody wants one world government right
that's one of the things that everybody
scared of like one world like one group
that runs all the countries on the whole
planet like that's too crazy right that
terrifies all of us yeah one group
having all that fucking power yeah
anytime anytime one group that's my
problem with a big federal government
right but like isn't I mean it seems
that they're all ridiculous at this
point but if there was laws like laws
that we all agreed on like you can't
just like you say if you go to Singapore
with weed you're gonna like the rest of
your life right you know like huh dudes
if you're a dealer there yeah yeah they
will fuck you up and it can't be
traveling over there with cocaine or
anything crazy like that yeah yeah
you're in deep shit no jury just to
judge Lee Kuan Yew talked about that he
goes yeah we hang about seven people
year
SADS terrible no you know just judges
but mmm how many people die from drugs
from your drug issue in the United
States how many people how many kids are
orphaned I was like shit hey man they
have a perspective it's a hard-ass
perspective but we've got to realize
that that that perspective exists still
on this earth yeah like it's really
interesting we think of all the
different cultures like I was thinking
of like stoic cultures and cold northern
cultures and they have to get ready for
the winter yeah man
or you starve Germans and the Swedes and
the Nordic folk yeah time becomes a real
factor time with your harvest when all
that stuff also no bullshit some fucking
insane genes in these people right like
that
Game of Thrones guy you know Brock
Lesnar's folk are from that
nice world yeah land of the giants yeah
this is the craziest hardiest stock
serve the real the real Vikings yeah
and the real survivors like they have to
deal with some shit in the winter before
there was any kind of cars those people
were living up there riding animals when
it was God knows how fucking cold war
those animals Overton skins and shit and
they would open the door was blowing a
giant beards one fire in the center of
this fucking house and everyone's
gathered around the fire it was all
about staying warm yeah and having
enough to eat and then you had to worry
about some other dudes just like you
coming into your town and fucking you up
while you slept I'm just taking you as a
slave oh my god chopping you up in front
of your family people just chopped
people up that's right and that's the
mostly what happened forever that's
right mostly what happened and by the
way we're gonna impregnate your wife and
kill your kids oh yeah everybody got
killed everybody got raped and that was
normal that was life and people made it
through that to some form of security
where they started thinking about rules
and laws and how to force them and keep
things civil well yeah I think it just
well I think the fascinating thing is
slavery slavery was the order of the day
and the leading philosophers and moral
thinkers of our time from Jesus to the
Buddha to Muhammad to Socrates and
Aristotle to all of them never ever
really spoke much about slavery about
owning other human beings about selling
someone's children they just was never
really brought up I mean it just wasn't
you just see it's like it was just what
was done and then you know really
started the abolitionist movement that
they were they I mean the the beginnings
of the abolition of slavery worldwide
you know did it no British in the
eighteen hundreds really a button you
know did it in specifically evangelical
Christians well the abolition movement
was started by what you'd call you know
fanatic you know Christians but they
were they were they were they risked
everything and convinced the crown to
enforce a
and on slavery in the high seas so if
you were a British naval you know ship
even if the Ottoman if there was a
Turkish ship of the Ottoman ship over
there and they had slaves the British
were spent years and great costs at
basically hanging slave traders freeing
slaves all that stuff on the high seas
you know even though they're obviously
there was a lot of racism that went on
the Brits and their Navy were the ones
that began the abolition of worldwide
slavery didn't allow it on the high seas
now how amazing is it that that didn't
take place into what eighteen nineteen
sixty-five sir eight now listen well
that's when it was abolished in America
it was that abolished there all country
no a Britain abolish slavery I believe
way earlier than America did so we were
1865 or 1869 and we got another thing to
remember is the United States has been a
country with slavery longer than it's
been a country without so that gives you
an idea have a recent that is okay just
stop and think about that yeah that
number 1865 seems so recent now used to
when I was a kid it felt like it was
forever again I know when I was like
five years old
I thought about slavery I thought about
it as being like eons and eons in the
past do you know a book I just read it
and it's it's the it is without besides
the Bible a lot of arguably one of the
most influential books ever in the
written in the nineteenth century
what yeah Uncle Tom's Cabin whoa yeah I
realized I hadn't read it and well I
mean I think that Harriet Beecher Stowe
and and I think the legend is that
Lincoln said so you're the little woman
that wrote this book that started this
great war because she she put this she
had never actually she was from the
north but she interviewed fugitive
slaves and people who you know we used
to be and if you read that book man it
was it puts such a face on what slavery
the brutality what it was really about
in this country or anywhere where you
could take a woman's child an
eight-year-old and you get some money
and it's the story where the slave
trader goes well I'll buy the kiddies
yeah I could fetch a good price for him
down
often well we'll take him when his mom
ain't there maybe gather go do a chore
so when she comes back you know
otherwise it's all kinds of hemming and
hawing and they had slave brokers who
wouldn't come in and go look your
plantation is in debt you got to start
selling some of your slaves now I'm not
gonna take those guys but that that
woman she's got she's got those two
healthy-looking boys and they and you
would sell them and she could do nothing
about it that was the reality and and
Uncle Tom's Cabin controversial book
because of the way they described Uncle
Tom as a simpleton and a Negro but I'll
tell you what it did is she she made you
realize in Technicolor with a human face
just exactly how horrible it was and
what happened to the women who would
have to see their children sold in front
of them and they couldn't do anything
blah blah blah but but yeah it was well
it was it was for many people what
galvanized the North to say we can't
have so this is crazy
can't have slavery how crazy is it that
wasn't 200 years ago I know I know
that wasn't even 200 years ago now man
that's that's like you know that joke
that I have about the president the
being like we became a nation in 1776
yeah people live to be 100 that's three
people ago right now that's rising it's
real we we are since we are infants in
something well we're in the process of
this thing where we're figuring out life
what's fair what's right how to run shit
and we're we're doing it based on this
idea that someone had already got it
dialed in whether it's through the
Constitution or whether it's through the
democratic system or whether the
educational system all these different
systems that we have that they're
perfect in there in place and they're
ready to rock and they've been rock
solid for generation after Jenna wait a
minute how long has it been around I
know
anyway to hold on said that's it oh wow
so what did they do before that what
they do before when did they have the
ability to print yeah okay that was like
what 500 years ago what was the fuckin
when was the printing press made for it
in the 1400s by Gutenberg but then I
didn't really take
until the 60s so imagine having
everything you read someone has to write
with their fucking hand you have no idea
if it's correct you have no idea if
they're telling the truth they're just
writing it it's not for years and years
and years and that's like probably the
main reason why they probably had
established higher schools of learning
well this is writing this hold on what
are you doing yeah the stuff that you're
writing how do I know it's true what's
your method yeah and there are very
people that great was usually the
priests and there's a book called how
the Irish saved civilization and it's
about how the scribes how the the Irish
priests wrote down all the knowledge
they wrote it down in books and they
carried it with them so it's like this
whole story of how the libraries had to
be painstakingly imitated and then the
printing press in the 1400s 1445 or
whatever and couldn't Berg invent he was
a watchmaker and invented this thing
called the printing press and nobody
really used it but then you could like
you could people could disseminate ideas
it was like the Internet you'd have an
idea and all of a sudden instead of
having one book for you know 50 miles
you could print out paper and make
multiple copies and send them out and
then all of a sudden a guy named Martin
Luther goes if I had the Bible what do I
need these corrupt priests for what do I
need to be pledged leaders can you see
them and our mentor used to make those
posters I split them up
yeah the proclamations yeah and in
Bitburg Germany I think but either way
this this guy was yeah but you ever
listen to the Dan Carlin series on that
I didn't oh my god it's amazing Dan
Collins he explained Luther ISM explain
the whole movement and how he got away
with it because he had a high public
standing so they didn't prosecute him or
sue him or they figured out a way to
translate the Bible where other people
could read it they couldn't speak Latin
that's right they figured out a phonetic
translation for it so that so that now
you had so if you have the Word of God
what do I need the precedent the
Catholic divide was about essentially
wait a minute I don't need to place
these into this giant institution call
the Vatican with all the money and the
costumes what if I just have the
Bible and I do it Jesus six I can read
it right here yeah all of a sudden now
you're a Protestant that was what
everybody was scared about I mean must
have been the most horrific thing about
the religious power back then like Rome
had armies right
yeah they this was this was like when
Genghis Khan was roaming the earth and
running through Russia and Asia and
Eurasia they the rome was like they were
thinking about going to battle with
these people the mongols like the roman
armies yeah the Pope had wives this was
like really in a lot of ways was almost
in an ancient way like a similar
position to that the United States has
now in terms of the whole world right
I'm so hot right now
yeah of course you are I mean I don't
wanna I'm sorry but what was what was
that you gave me because I only took one
hit it's marijuana it's a blunt why am i
in a tunnel it's good good for you
there's tobacco on the outside of it and
marijuana on the inside your head wiser
that's so beautifully shiny there's a
beauty to use I'm gonna be honest with
you I'll use a moisture you do wash
moister nur well it looks I got you a
little nervous because you have a nice
patina
looks like up a spokes you see Irish
Benghazi I bring about complicated
experiencing it's out now you can buy
you can buy it everywhere everywhere
Amazon shed everywhere wherever you get
you get your joke joke wherever you get
your funny there is a hundred million
comedy specials out right now God what
no yeah I don't know what the number is
but I'm gonna say it's a hundred million
still rare he's gonna count them all
yeah still a great fraternity yeah it's
rare eternity but it's interesting how
many of us there are today as opposed to
the days of your you know my question is
how much material these some of them
dude he knows god damn hilarious right
now is Sebastian not that's not always
hilarious but he's got some new material
that he was doing at the improv oh my
god
dude he's so fun he's so funny he's
hilarious he's just got his own groove
like we're talking about Theo von
earlier like he and Theo in my mind
they're they they they're very similar
that their Styles way different yeah
their materials way different but
they're they have their own thing yeah
they have a hundred percent their own
thing Sebastian has his own music it's
like a music it's a reality yeah yeah
yeah and you love him so you count on
him reacting to these things in a
certain ways is it it's his unique is
like you know Christopher Walken as
always you know you know he's in this
zone right now you know Sebastian is in
his own sold out for seat four shows at
Madison Square Garden god damn that's
for sold-out sees amazing for four
that's like 18,000 seats a show that's
nuts nuts yeah it's got to be some money
he's a beast
yes I'm sure there's money in it but the
point is like he's in that sweet spot of
his career yeah you know that's why I
love that's in a way why I still have
faith in the American system he was a
waiter for nine years
yeah just a smart easygoing dude who's
easy to love that Italian yeah yeah it's
got a lot of that we're so fun to watch
on stage I don't want to say what he's
talking about I want to ruin any of it
because you know his stuff isn't even
it's you on paper I would never do it
justice you have to Sonic you he's funny
man but it's that same thing I say about
Theo like Theo is in this rare place
right now you know like he's on stage
and he's like you just start smiling
when you see him he's his hypnosis game
is on point
oh I told him today on the podcast he
did better than kid I was like you're an
original yeah he's not beating yourself
up beats himself up every comic does bro
I know every comic does I just stopped
doing it at 50 to do with this Sam
Harris app no I just decided I got tired
of I realize I've been doing my best and
I got myself here yeah I mean you know
well c'mon there's like a to thing going
on right there's two things
simultaneously going on
there's one that you know you want to do
your best and so you look at everything
you do and you go I think I could have
done that better god damn it why did I
do it like this like fuck what is that
about like what's this about why'd I do
it like that
why not haha rework that redo this but
then there's the other part that has to
be like look why are you doing this like
you're doing this because you enjoy it
do you enjoy it okay you're gonna feel
gross about anything that doesn't work
out well everything that you do that
doesn't work out well just don't be a
bitch about it right just get over it
there's a certain self-indulgence
involved and dwelling on your mistakes
that it becomes almost like a self-pity
thing you got a there's a strength in a
discipline in learning how to go okay I
fucked up did you did you ever read
Martha Graham's letter the Great the
mother of modern dance she wrote a
letter to Agnes what do you think when
you ask me that question
timely mother of modern dance it's
timely though it's you sure like I like
but it's still funny I know because I'm
asking you about a fucking how do babies
what is this woman's name again I'll say
her name is Martha Graham she's the
great I'm gonna just it's like a really
short letter but she wrote this she was
a great choreographer she created modern
dance she was basically like it's not
just there's not just ballet let's how
about just moving naturally and doing
crazy shit bring up Martha Graham she's
at 80 she was dancing but she was a
she's a giant she's an innovator she's a
giant that being when you think of dance
she might be the most famous one of the
most famous names ever in dance okay
whatever but she wrote this letter and I
think you'll appreciate this it's really
short there's a vitality a lifeforce a
quickening that is translated through
you into action and because there is
only one of you in all time this
expression is unique if you block it it
will never exist through any other
medium and be lost the world will not
have it it has B and it is not your
business to determine how good it is
valuable it is now how it compares with
other expressions it's your business to
keep it yours clearly indirectly and
keep the channel open you don't even
have to believe in yourself or your work
you have to keep open and aware it
directly of the urges that motivate you
keep the channel open no artist is
pleased there was no satisfaction
whatever at any time there was only a
queer divine dissatisfaction a blessed
unrest that keeps us marching and makes
us more alive than the others
damn that's beast shit how about that
that's on the money anything is a woman
that's her that's her she was doing this
nobody understood you send me that yes
coz I'm so high I'm not gonna remember
it really into what she's doing here but
I appreciate her words it's like I feel
like you shouldn't show me this wasn't
no no this was at that time when they
were only doing she was doing the
craziest shit this is how I dance if I
really hurt my back isn't like 1943 if
I'm not mistaken I'd say 43 people were
probably struggling then for freedom
from the orthodoxy struggling to express
themselves in different ways yes you
know that's one of the more interesting
things about stand-up is that it's
indicative or it's um it's
representative of the time in which it's
performed in like there are little
windows in time to how people behaved
and thought and there was some shit that
people did just 10 15 20 years ago that
you just can't do now right it's like
it's not it's not an it's not possible
it's not it's not in the the public's
menu list anymore right you know but
back then it was normal it's like you
you can and some stuff just isn't funny
anymore it's weird like some of the
Lenny Bruce stuff man he was for the
time he was groundbreaking right he's
like nobody had seen anything like this
before a guy who was talking straight
and true about real social issues and
making them funny on stage and rice you
know I handsome looking Jewish fellow
with beautiful hair yeah and he just had
a look just he was disturbing his are is
it's comedy
shook people up yeah but it was there
was no way the you and I can put
ourselves back into the minds of people
that lived in the 1950s when Lenny Bruce
was doing this there's no way we could
put ourselves there we we're tainted
forever by technology and innovation and
the way that it's the way that
interaction I think is the big one right
the moon as people started being able to
exchange information with each other and
it'll you know whether it's through
television and then through rate you
know radio and television and television
shows and then Internet and the more
they express themselves the more they
sort of figure out patterns of behavior
that are acceptable yeah but I wonder at
times whether or not I think stand-up
has is having a renaissance but like
music and things I don't think we're
living in a time of genius are we or do
I not know enough about there's some
great shit that's being made there's
just so much that's being made black
keys are always putting out great shit
Gary Clark jr. has an amazing new album
it's amazing it's so good he's he's got
such a signature guitar sound man his
fucking guitar sound is like I love is
that style of you know he's got he did a
hymn and honey honey did a show together
one night in downtown LA and I recorded
some of it and put it up on my Instagram
and they were doing I saw them brothers
midnight ride yeah
see if he could find that it was
phenomenal
crazy man she was reading the lyrics off
her phone does she even know the lyrics
this song she had to go and get it and
she was singing in real time while she's
ringing yes I'm you know right while
she's reading rather and so he's doing
Midnight Rider but he's doing it Gary
Clark jr. style and it's fucking amazing
wonder how things are right here it is
[Music]
you see that's like that's his style you
know say
[Applause]
he's Jerry Clark this song oh look at
he's a killer here see Stevie Ray
Vaughan to you child there's a video
never saw him live but I almost got a
drive-in life
I drove Jeff Beck when I was uh when I
was a limo driver I almost got to drive
Stevie Ray Vaughan I was thinking I was
they get to drive Steve very Wow but he
won't take limos he would only take cabs
he wanted to talk to the cab Julie yep
man the way he people what he does with
the guitar is just he was performing
with Jeff Beck and all of his people
were in the limos man and he went in a
fucking cab
damn it was legit as fuck but what's
crazy to me was that Gary Clark jr. he
Gary Clark jr. that song while still
having it be clearly that song so cool
but it was like yeah you know it was so
cool due to be there live and it was
like 12 o'clock at 9:00 a.m. Tuesday in
downtown LA it was only maybe a hundred
people in the room and Suzanne Suzanne
Santo from honey honey she's so talented
man she looks it the fact that she could
have read that sure voice is insane
she's reading that off of her phone and
singing it yeah but Stevie Ray Vaughan
you can't put any of this music up don't
yank us off the phone if I if I gave you
a if I told you that you would have a
few would could trade a deep knowledge
and practice of music over your
knowledge of martial arts would you take
it right fuck no no no I would rather be
a better a great fighter than an amazing
guitar yes yes how I feel of the art
yeah I don't have to make it no but I
can't play at all and I'll listen to
Gary all day listen to this podcast I'm
Joe Rogan experience because of my
obsession with Jimi Hendrix right that's
why I did I mean why need I stole it
from Jimi Hendrix right I love music but
I don't have any talent no I got none
I'm not no desire nothing you don't have
to fucking make movies man you don't
have to be a painter
you know Taylor boss made this Mitzi
look at that watch over in the studio I
don't want to paint no you could paint I
agree you do things really like I do it
source it I'm not giving up martial arts
for nub nothing
no way no it helps me so much it's so
it's so important for me to just to have
the ability to get out a hundred percent
of aggression be able to hit a bag and
just get into a flow smoke a joint and
then hit a bag you ever do that oh I
don't I'm so hot right now the last
thing I want to do is punch somebody you
might be interested in day two of the
50th anniversary of the Woodstock did
you hear that we're doing it first of
all no what are they doing well the
lineup just got announced and date -
it's got Gary Clark Sturgill and the
Black Keys holy shit and David Crosby
and chance the rapper and Grateful Dead
oh there who knows Jesus whoa
that's a fucking line up right there son
Sturgill Simpson and the Black Keys
that's to my top ten it's so much music
what's amazing about music man is that
they're they're still making it it's
like everyone's still making music so
it's not like there's the database just
gets bigger it's not like stuff goes
away right you bring back old Donna
Summer shit you know like dude I have
what is that no I think it's nowhere to
run oh I got some playlists thank you
this but okay Allman Brothers or James
Brown like you go you go back in time
when you listen to that you listen to
James Brown song it's not just that
you're listening to James Brown you're
listening to a time capsule from 1963 or
whatever it was so astonishing
oh yeah James Brown he was amazing oh
like that I when I hear Zeppelin and I
hear James Brown I never get I never
lose my shock at how good they were how
unique they were yeah no Zeppelin was
incredible the only thing that ain't
Zeppelin is this
allegations of plagiarism which seem to
be totally true I know I've heard the
song so you can do this
side by side with Sam you stole those
riffs yeah that's rough yeah it's
unfortunate because the end result is
fucking incredible
but you're still so great the immigrant
song one of the best workout songs of
all crazy how much credit today I mean
should they have that I'm not trying to
disparage it at all but like they should
get a lot of credit for how good okay
we're still they were still the greatest
they were the definitive they're the
definitive heavy-metal
they're so good Vannevar there's no
doubt that they're so good that you see
the thing is it every song I don't know
you know
I don't know how every band does it
every song is probably constructed
differently put in a lot of cases
there's a lot of people contributing to
the song you know the drummer has an
idea and the singer has an idea
and the guitar player has these riffs
he's trying out and they're trying to
figure out the best way to do this song
it's a collaborative effort it's no
doubt that the collaboration was fucking
phenomenal the question is was it
consensual like how many of these people
were collaborating and didn't know it
right so that's what happens if you're
plagiarizing it seems like it's okay and
you know maybe they just thought that
bands gonna go away no one's gonna care
about that anymore because we're LED
motherfucking Zeppelin that's possible
too because before the internet that
kind of would have been the case you
know no one but now I still are taking
something that doesn't belong to you you
definitely also in my opinion you have
to buy that from the person yes give
them credit yes but there's no way you
can discount the fact that there were
motherfuckers when they were on top when
Robert Plant would stand on that fucking
stage with his shirt open I mean he's
the what's one of the weirdest things
like what they think about that change
in history right go from 1950 to 1969 go
19 years and you see you go from people
that look like Hank Williams senior to
Robert Klatte who apparently was wearing
blouses or dresses or t-shirts that the
girl he had the night before had worn do
you know that doesn't it we're on stage
that's correct sir that's what I hear so
probably fucked his way through the
shirt he always wore girls shirts that
were too small for him well you could
always see his hog in his pants yeah he
always has hog press to the side yeah
the the the every every heavy metal band
in the 80s poison you name it whatever
Motley Crue they all had a blonde lead
singer boys yeah that was because their
hero is mr. Robert yeah no he's a beast
dude they're he's wearing a girl's shirt
oh my god that's amazing yeah that's
amazing this shirt barely fits them damn
right all of so many of those pictures
what a crazy life that guy let yes look
at that you know I don't think any one
of us will ever be able to understand
even even if you became like the new Led
Zeppelin you'll never understand what
it's like to be Led Zeppelin in the
seventies yeah
in the 70s what clique imagine if you
today became the new giganto fucking
multi country rock doesn't matter to me
people watching you well it's not just
that too many people watching you and
there's a lot of you you got to think
that's when Robert Plant was Robert
Plant who are the royalty you were you
were literally like a king yeah you had
the who you had Rolling Stones yet Elton
John yet people yet people but maybe you
have 30 yeah you might have 30 yeah 30
big name artists maybe maybe maybe but
it's true maybe a hundred let's get
crazy here's a hundred do you have paint
Floyd you got the who when you think
about the Beatles obviously CDC yeah
yeah you got all sorts of shit you got a
lot a lot going on back then you know of
course you have Hendrix John Glenn Janis
job at doors yeah you got a lot shit and
then you got the weird ones the Mamas
and the Papas amazing band wasn't there
some weird shit that went on with that
family
well yeah but also heroin and cocaine
kind of kill of all that hold that hold
music scene yeah there's a lot of that
that's the problem it's sort of starts
it up and then it poisons it well
psychedelics and we'd probably good fear
music when you get in a cocaine
heroin well your musics gonna dying
don't don't you know I get it that it's
bad for you but I think it's theirs it
can't be a coincidence that so many of
you that love heroin made amazing music
beforehand though so a lot of forehand
yeah look at Lou Reed any of them who
got into heroin their music stopped Lou
Reed was always even Hendrix and Jim
Morris I mean a lot of the songs that
Hendrix was writing me he died at 27
yeah so that was a relatively new his
musical development I think was done
less with you know maybe maybe
psychedelics but I don't think heroin
played a factor until later on in his
life
so um it's hard to say I mean I don't
know I know he was arrested in Toronto
with heroin I don't know the whole
history of his I don't by that time so
famous he had already written those
songs that got him there you know maybe
I mean I don't know when he started
using heroin or why yeah I don't think
heroin makes you more more artistic or
more successful at all but I think what
happens is you have very talented people
that have a substance abuse problem you
know that's what Stephen killin King
said he said I'm great writer but I
don't remember writing Cujo yeah my
alcohol didn't make me a better writer
I'm a really imaginative talented writer
who happens to have a substance abuse
problem and I'm a bit of it yes and no
yes and no cuz yes he is unbelievably
talented yes he's an amazing writer he's
one of my personal favorites I mean I
probably read more Stephen King books
and any other fiction author but the
stuff that he wrote when he was doing
drugs was hard-core shit he wrote The
Shining and Cujo and the Tommyknockers
he wrote all sorts of wicked books man
where there's just evil intentions and
ruthless actions and shocking scenes and
the fact it was a coincidence he was
doing coke just a coincidence he was
drunk no I think co-wrote the books
though I think they did not no one
saying that if you look vitamin C
doesn't make a person right it's these
are these are tools yeah to squeeze the
most out of your imagine
while suppressing any sort of a sort of
societal handcuffs you might have put on
yourself because of the horrific notions
like he said he would say things in his
book where you would go whoa like you
would have to take a step back like
where the fuck what what kind of fucking
person thinks this up right what kind of
person I'll tell you what kind of person
a guy who's drunk as fuck doing coke
who's also a great writer it's not that
writing that stuff and digging into his
I'm not saying that I think you probably
could have achieved the exact same
results on the natch because he's Steven
motherfuck okay it might have focus is
my firm it's also it's also positive
possible rather that that stuff is
rocket fuel it's rocket fuel for your
your your physical energy your anger
your moods your inhibitions dissolve and
it might open up the pathway to that for
payment or payment rate that you didn't
want to get to here I can have two comes
like in a Stephen King book Oh what the
hell's that cemeteries came out what is
it that just brought up maybe remade it
the way last week or something knows a
week or two yeah I thought is it a
comedy definitely not all right I heard
it's really good really yeah Oh John
Lithgow son gotta go kids guys always
good you gotta go it's close it down
Brian thanks thank you hi to move for
thank you for having the number one
comedy special on the planet Earth
something somebody told me that I think
I saw it
alright good saw it myself um
complicated Apes yeah come see me this
weekend where are you a Saturday that's
a great club yeah I hope I'm not still
high I don't know what you will be you
guys Brian Cowen complicated apes
because that's what was indeed alright
sir thank you very much love you always
good thank you we should do this more
often we always say that always a
we're doing it like every couple months
now right yeah Jamie was last time yes
Jess Brian
yeah why for Jess Brian how much I don't
know six months but now two years to
knit my leader to yeah yeah dude times
flying too quickly I know okay let's do
it every few months thank you and me
ever thank you I'm down all right please
thank you bye bye everybody
[Music]